[deleted]
Claxton being essentially useless on offense without Harden is a huge testament to how god damn good Harden is for his bigs.
Give Alize Johnson that last roster spot, dude deserves it
Did anyone see Randle?

I couldn't find him in the 4th Quarter...
Great win, but holy shit Bruce Brown with the -20 in a two point win
The Nets and Knicks are now tied in the all-time series 101-101.
how many times does randle have to miss that shot at the buzzer to learn he just needs to drive it?
Gonna cry.
Game high +12 for Chris Chioza in 12 minutes
Law of averages says we have to hit a clutch shot sometime... right?
Jeff Green looked pissed off all game lol, he was definently playing through some emotions
Jeff Green is such a fucking good role player
Great game. Kyrie hard carrying.
The reporter was clearly asking Bullock the other day about the Nets' Big 3 of Jeff Green, Timothe Luwawu-Cabarrot, and Alize Johnson.
Should’ve went to RJ.  I bet Ant’s comments would’ve fueled a game winner.  Well fought, Knicks are coming for the league.
Uncle Jeff Fucking Green
Fuck myself we got crashed in the boards by joe Harris and alize Johnson
Props to Kyrie, he put the Nets on his back tonight
Irving underrated
That’s a good W. Shout out to Knicks man. They’ve got a scrappy team.
No matter how depleted the roster, the Nets find ways to win. So much top end talent.
So the nets without their 2 best players is still very roughly equal to a 7th or 8th seeded team. wtf.
And yo did that Payton kid really call off the double team on Kyrie?? I know I didn’t see that lmaooo
Nets is the only team with their 3rd best player that can get u 40 and you wouldn't be like that is the game of his life...

Probably their clutchest player too.
Offensive Rebound by Joe Harris for the game.
Kyrie could not buy a foul the last two games. Got hacked like crazy in the paint.
This game and the Suns comeback are probably our best wins of the season in terms of gutsy wins.
I rooted for the Knicks this one game and felt totally disappointed.
I love you Jeff Green
Knicks always put the clamps on in the last minute
Alize looks great in every look he's gotten. Can definitely see him earning some of Bruce's playoff rotation minutes as a slasher.
 

Outside of the 6ers I seriously think the Knicks are the most interesting playoff matchup for the Nets.

They're young, inexperienced, and have some challenges shooting but defensively they match up to the full-squad Nets pretty good. I have no doubt that Thibs is going to outcoach Nash (not saying Nash is a bad coach, Thibs really is a basketball genius despite his minute rotations) and the Knicks are the only team that I could look at and say "hmm, they match up with the Nets pretty good defensively"
Burks tried to save this game
Hope Harden is ok, this season has not been merciful with the injuries.
can always count on both NY teams to play their hearts out every single game
Nets Legend Jeff Green
Missing 6 regular contributors and still got the W. Love to see it
I can feel that tension 😂 those fans really meant those Brooklyn chants
Thibs could have run a much better play than letting Randle take a fadeaway long 2 to end the game. Situations like this is why I'm legitimately scared if we end up having to do the play-in games
lol we won without Harden/KD/Dinwiddie/Shamet/Johnson/Blake

 Also, Nash made this way more difficult than it needed to be by not playing Claxton down the stretch
It really feels like some days Kyrie just decides to score 40. Like it's just a switch he can flip.

[The Brooklyn Nets Win!](https://streamable.com/wm4jcr)



https://streamable.com/wm4jcr



This season's games against the Knicks have felt more like real rivals than any of the previous Brooklyn era subway series, looking forward to playoffs against them.  GG Knicks!

101-101, tied the rivalry record!








*Let's Go Nets!*

**BROOKLYN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**

[^^^^^RAWR,villain!](https://streamable.com/qn2la8)
God I fucking hate playing the nets. The Knicks get so close and just blow it away. Randle has been our worst shooter in the clutch... why draw him up a play?! They only had Kyrie really, we should’ve had this...
Fuck, that one play at the end where we didn't double Kyrie is gonna haunt me.

But respect to Reggie. Said the knicks have a big 5 to their big 3 and drops 5 3s on 50% shooting. Dude came to play.
YOU JUST LOST TO 30 MINUTES OF 

#TIMOTHE LUWAWU CABARROT
knicks blew that one
I guess big 1 > big 15
the nets r gonna win the 2021 championship easy no one can compete with them
Nets are just unfair
Can’t believe we pulled off this win with like 5 players lmao
No kd, no harden, no problem
Why did Harden play 4 minutes?
So demoralizing.
Everybody knew Jordan's minutes were going down but wow, he hasn't played at all since LMA came to town.
Between this game, the last Nets game, the timberwolves game and the two Philly games, the knicks have had some absolute fucking HEARTBREAKERS in the past 3 weeks
kyrie runs NY
to get that win sans Harden, Durant, Griffin, Johnson and Shamet is huge. thrilled.
Knicks just lost to our C team. We were down 2 starters and 3 of our key bench guys. Ouch. 

Jokes aside bullock is a damn flamethrower Jesus. Barrett had a great game they should’ve went to him down the stretch. And kyrie Irving put on a damn show like only he can.
Good news: Season sweep, 1 seed back

Bad news: Harden.... :(
some dude named Kyrie Irving > the Knicks’ “Big 15😈😈😈”
Nets barely beat Reggie Bullock and the big five
A few THOUGHTS.

HOMER TALK: Was not a foul at the end, super lame that the Nets win on another foul call, replay showed all ball and how do you call that at the end of the game? When the whole game was physical? AGAIN?

Nets got every fucking offensive rebound and Kyrie backpacked them to a win, we need to get rebounds and it's pathetic that we can't

Nerlens missed 2 straight free throws in the clutch that would've tied the game. Taj threw away a pass out of bounds earlier when we we lost by one possession in the end. Wish we had Mitch.

Randle needs to either drive or give it up to RJ/Burks at the end there, he wasn't shooting great from outside and they were. 

We need to beat the Celtics or we're in trouble
Refs sucked

Noel should’ve hit his free throws
gg to the Nets but I think without a doubt NBA officiating has to be the worst in all major sports rn
Thank you Nets 🙏🏻
Very cool Nets

Hawks, Hornets and Heat thank you
YES!!! LETS GO NETS!!!!
win one lose one
Lot of ref love for Brooklyn in the fourth quarter...
That wasnt a foul at the end but I guess we should just expect this by now
Was not a foul at the end at ALL, replay showed all ball, whatever

Randle should not be shooting for the game when RJ and Burks were much better in the clutch that whole game
Lol I thought the Knicks were the best team in New York?
New York fans would give us Lakers fans a run for worst fan base if they were consistently good. Half a season of success and they are brutal. This thread is insufferable between Knicks complaining about reffing and the Nets saying they run New York lmao
[deleted]
[deleted]
I fucking hate this stupid ass team my high school JV team would have a better offense than whatever trash we put out there tonight
Imagine having to beat the Knicks 4 times in 7 games, what a rough first round matchup. Sure you can win but at what cost.
Haterz
Why did harden only have 4 mins? Did he get hurt?
we’re allergic to having a lead
Sucks that they blew up an early lead. Nets were missing a lot of players too.
You know the Nets are fucking scary when their 3rd best player is one of the best scorers in the league and can drop 30-40 with ease...

Ain't nobody stopping this team with harden, kd and kyrie are all healthy
Pathetic by the knicks there. How do you lose a 13 point lead against a team in B2B without their 2 best guys
Nets clogged the paint and Knicks could not punish it. When Bullock was out spacing was beyond horrible. Early on Randle missed some open looks on 3 and he gave up the perimeter and forced everything inside the 3 pt line. Noel and Taj were basically useless since they were surrounded by at least 2 3 Net. Knicks need their 3 ball going (at least show you are willing to shoot) otherwise even Nets looked like elite defense.
This was a game down the stretch we missed Mitch. Randle struggled in the 4th as well but we could not get any important rebounds. 

I counted at least 3 times down the stretch the Nets scored off a 2nd opportunity and no one can cover for the 2nd chances Mitch usually gets us on the other end. Offensive rebounds happen but some of those was straight over top of Taj & RJ down low by Joe fucking Harris. We grab one of those and it could be the difference.
Damn that was incredibly spicy and heart breaking loss for the knicks but man you almost beat a Kyrie led team.
Is this really a superteam? I think we need to re-define the word and how we use it...they lose to the Bulls and can barely beat the Knicks.

I'm aware Harden and KD are out...but will those guys even be back for the playoffs? Both seem to have long term/lingering injuries...
The Nets can beat any team on any given night even without two of their big 3. If they do not win the title this year, it would be a beyond historic collapse.
First MVP out : Check

Second MVP leaves as soon as the game starts: Check

And these mfers still had the best player in the game. At the risk of sounding salty, superteam era of basketball is kinda lame.
how does it feel to say that and the playoff part not be the sarcastic part
LMAO
You think they nets will be that close?! Lmaoo
Bruce too tbh. He hasn’t been getting those open floaters that he used to get.
This is why I was certain Drummond was going to Brooklyn. Harden would have him looking like a top 5 center lol.
I think only Bron (and even now, it's close) is on par or better than Harden at consistently getting all of his guys good looks.
His feel for rebounding is so good.. that’s exactly what we need
He should take all of TLC's minutes
If he doesn't get that last roster spot I am confident a lot of teams will come calling
Right? This dude came outta nowhere and made an immediate impact, they don’t win without him.
Austin rivers
Maybe we should of game him more than a 3 min rest when Obi was playing decent
he was being murked by kyrie everytime he defended him
I mean Bruce Brown being relied upon to make shots as your 3rd best player is much different than Bruce Brown wrecking ball free safety 6th best player.
Rivers should take the last spot..
was he guarding Randle?
And I think it's 106-106 if you include playoffs.

And 109-108 Nets if you include the ABA-,NBA matchups. 

Pretty remarkable how even it is
I think that will be the last time.
I wanted Burks to take that last shot.
RJ 7-13 hitting tough shots all game. Let’s go throw it to Randle every possession except the Burks 3.
Thibs 100% should have run a play for Burks, the reason why we were even back in the game in the first place

and yeah Randle should have 100% drived to the basket, he would have had a great chance to draw a foul
Facts, he knows how to hit some crazy shots at the rim, even through contact
....inyourmomspanties?
He was pretty good. No idea who he is, but he looked good.
I mean burks’ shot was clutch
Do you know the reason? Even if just a rumor. I'm curious.
Jeff green was the signing everyone should’ve had a meltdown over
Always has been, man
Always has been
I love Kyrie as a player. One thing that I noticed in all his teams, is that his style rubs off on other players. Tatum, Brown, and Rozier definitely got some of that swag from Kyrie. 
The first Nets basket was made by Harris by a drive with a Kyrie signature move at this point: throwing the ball ahead with backspin! Yeah, I'm kinda obsessed with dribbling moves, so I notice some things that may go unnoticed.
Y'all don't think he feels some kind of way at Harden calling himself the MVP?
Alec Burks!!
RJ seems content to not have the ball at then end, and the Knicks don't run an offense where everyone is going to touch the ball. It's not a good combo for him right now.

RJ was on fire in the 4th, his teammates deserve some blame for going away from him but I want to NOTICE him not having the ball. Hands up, calling for it, moving to space, he didn't really do any of that. Hell it's the NBA, there's no full court press just take the ball from the inbounds lol. Or stand at half court while payton is bringing it up and make him give it to you.

That's the next step I want to see in RJs development, don't hope for the ball to come, go get it.
[Throwback to this](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/c8jeuh/dwyane_wade_i_do_not_understand_how_and_why_jeff/?utm_source=amp&utm_medium=&utm_content=post_body)
Disrespected and underrated.. mostly because he acts like a delusional meth addict off the court. But one should never judge a player based on what he is as a person

>

  When Kyrie is hot, he's the best offensive weapon in the entire league without a single weakness.. as a scorer.  Extremely efficient too

But he's just not a good POINT GUARD, and has no leadership qualities. That's why playing alongside LeBron was a match made in heaven for him. LeBron took care of everything that Kyrie as a point guard could never do.. but Kyrie had the freedom to only score at will. Bron also guarded him from all the media attacks

>


But the Nets.. They really don't have a leader. But Harden has to take care of the Playmaking duties, at the very least
I don’t know... not a fan of the guy but he is one of the most dominant players in the league. That game winner was just effortless.
How these last two games have felt: https://i.imgur.com/bMekXYo.mp4
🤝🤝 Brooklyn is so fun to watch man
Yeah seriously, we torched the Knicks lead in the third quarter with just our bench players lol. People hype up the Big Three but we have so many solid role players...it’s legit.
Not only that, but half the bench rotation was out as well with Blake/shamet/TJ
lmao you should’ve seen knicks twitter man we were losing it
The fact that he’s the 3rd best player on that team is scary. Nobody beating Brooklyn in a 7 game series when these dudes can just play Iso ball down the stretch and you can’t double team them.
4th best after Alize, KD, and Harden.
Maybe I'm missing the obvious, but I don't feel Kyrie is the number 3. He has better awareness, better defense, better transition play. Harden clearly has the better offense, but it sometimes comes as a detriment because dudes get cold. My 2 cents.
Huh? Kyrie is second best behind Harden
Maybe the Bucks. Jrue isn't a guy that get 40 (only remember that 1 time in the playoffs), but he isn't that far off if he gets hot.
You should know as Boston fan. People think he avoids contact but dude just doesn't sell his foul calls or get consistent respect from the refs like other superstars. It reminds me of D. Rose. They get punished for actually trying to hit their shots.
That Suns game was the stuff of legends man, I turned it off after the first quarter, was about to go to sleep and I decided to just check how the team was doing in the fourth quarter and suddenly our bench players had evaporated a 29 point lead lmao. Great stuff.
Welcome to the life of being a knicks fan.
You are one Chris Duhon jersey away from being a full blown Knicks fan.
I mean, probably not. The Heat and the Bucks probably defend better in the playoffs, and we don't score easily enough to offset Harden/KD/Kyrie. 

But... the fact we're even vaguely in touching distance is pretty incredible. Instilling a culture is the first step (as the Nets themselves showed), and we're doing a great job at beginning that process.
The biggest mismatch for us not including the Bucks and Sixers are the Bulls, the Nets biggest weakness is sharp shooting 5's and Vuc is a certified Nets killer.

I'm not dismissing the Knicks defense, but you do realize the Nets had 5 players out this game right... and two of those guys are Kevin Durant and James Harden. Our best and biggest win over the Knicks was with just Durant right after the Harden trade and Kyrie on his sabbatical. If they let up this many points to the hobbled skeleton Nets, it's definitely not gonna be better when the Nets are healthy.
The Knicks definitely have a play style that could theoretically cause problems for Brooklyn, but it should be noted that the Nets just swept the season series 3-0 and only had 2 of the Big 3 for one of those games and only 1 of the Big 3 for the other two games.
Knicks fans delusionally claiming those were “bullshit” chants not Brooklyn.
Yeah way too many minutes for Aldridge. Claxton has to be in the closing lineup.
I think we needed spacing for kyrie. They were already hard trapping us
Only needed a portion of the ultra team to beat perennial juggernaut knicks!
I'm afraid he doesn't realise that Claxton should be 5th in mpg until it's too late in the playoffs.
Kyrie and Aldridge are enough, Joe too
2012-2013 was peak with the rivalry feeling I think.
Still feels very artificial tbh
Imma be honest I still don't see them getting a chip.
He left with “Hamstring tightness”
Hamstring tightness
Hamstring injury
Ass tightness.
Hamstring injury flared up again.
He left with Ham sandwich
And that’s how it should be
Idk about that one, lmao.
I'm super impressed with RJ's development. He looked like absolute garbage last year. He's gonna be tough to handle in a few years.

Bullock and Burks have given them some actual spacing and are having great years. Randle seems like he's wearing down though.
Kyrie is the best player on the court and Joe Harris is a 3 pt wizard.  Nets are more talented and should've won by >10 but only won by a sketchy call at the end that showed all ball.
hey I thought it was a big 15
I mean only Kyrie played out of the big 3, so the Knicks couldn't even beat a hobbled Nets team.
I’d put the NBA right behind the NFL. Most of the NFL refs don’t even know the rules. At least NBA refs are consistent
well now i wish we lost wtf
We'll be back, don't worry.
a soul for a soul
if you get mugged in the paint that should be a foul. Thats how this game works.
this game though we had a real shot to win with a double digit lead by halftime, but like all the games last week we lost it immediately and we could never get the lead back again. Randle also needs to stop settling for long stepback 2s to end the game, he hasn't made *kind* of shot late in the game so far this season (he tried a similar shot at halftime and didn't hit it there either)
I think that was actually clean, but it looks like a foul in real time. That last play was absolutely terrible though.
I’ve been searching all over twitter for a better video
Why would you think that, did you fall and hit your head or something?
The nets will always be the JV squad in NYC

Just like the Clippers being good was no comparison to the Lakers being good 

The nets are the better team obviously but they will always be an afterthought to the 4 other Burroughs.
Nah you guys def suck the most.
As a life-long Knick hater, I don’t think we can make lolKnicks jokes much longer. This is a playoff team that’s gonna put up one hell of a fight
Living rent free in ya head. Lmao.
[deleted]
You have so many comments about the knicks. That's hilarious
fuck offfffff
You shouldn't leave things to the refs especially when a team is depleted.
Lol Kyrie was hacked a million times with no call. Cry more
Brooklyn Refs are the real big three.
Y’all would’ve won if you could’ve just boxed out. Somehow Lma, joe Harris, and Jeff Green killed y’all on the offensive glass.
We were down 6 rotation guys lol.
Our team relies heavily on our big three, which creates open shots for our role players. When there's only 1 superstar, he gets doubled and our role players ain't really great at creating their own shot.
About as good as it felt to actually have a chance of taking this game.
Drummond doesn't seem to like just rim running, he seems to want to get touches on the low block to create his own buckets. Maybe he'll change his playstyle for the Lakers (or would have for the Nets) but that was a big reason I didn't think he'd be as great a fit as everyone was saying.
He would certainly get a max contract. Harden is honestly better at getting his bigs lobs than even Bron
Dw he got lebron to make him look good
If the Warriors didn’t have Draymond then Steph would be up there, he’s elite at finding the open man when need be.
Sean Marks of the Year ✨
TLC played well today
Please, I'm so tired of seeing him miss wide open 3s
Meh, i'd much rather have a scrappy rebounding specialist like Alize. Blake and LMA will get time off consistently so he'll be useful.
I don't wanna hear the mins excuse tonight. 

He played like shit down the stretch. 

He got a favorable call from the refs.

Let TLC punk him.

And got bailed out by Payton and Burks.

This L is on him.
Randle was also backing him under the rim with ease.

If Randle didn't get stripped every 5 mins maybe he could've done something in the low post
Yeah Nets will never win against the knicks ever again
I mean it’ll probably be close over the next decade. Nets have the next two or three years probably, but the Knicks are gonna be on the come up, when the nets are on the decline.
Burks, RJ, Bullock. We threw it to the guy who was the coldest of them all.
Thibs just threw this game by running Rose out for that extended 2nd half rotation.
i think the issue is he tends to not get a lot of calls down low because of his strength, and he’s uber confident in the J
No idea tbh. You could just see with every close on him that he was not happy about something

The team already has 3 super stars so I doubt the media will even care about him enough to give him attention
Facts
I think RJ’s next development should be shot creation.
> delusional meth addict off the court.

Your connection to reality is fragile at best
the way y'all make everything about lebron is impressive, truly.

we're talking about nets vs knicks but no, let's talk about lebron.
It was funny when irving made fun on lebron in game.
Idk if Blake takes away those Alize Johnson minutes we might’ve won! Haha
Fourth best player going at 50 percent from 3. Seven shots a game
If they stay healthy I think they cruise, but that's a pretty big if.  I'd be kind of surprised honestly if all three of them stayed on the court for the full playoff run.
Kyrie is likely the more clutch player and I would prefer Kyrie to take the last shot of the game over Harden.

But Harden has made 6 All-NBA first team and finished like top 3 MVP ranking 5 times past 6 years as a guard which Kyrie is nowhere near those accolades.

It is pretty obvious to me though who is the number 2.
Dude have you watched any of the Harden games this season. Even if he gets cold he faciliates the whole entire team and gets everyone involved. He has won the nets so many games this season without kyrie AND kd. I'm a Kyrie fan first before Harden and I know that Harden is clearly above Kyrie on this team.
There’s this guy named Kevin Durant, I heard he is pretty good.
Durant is there best player obviously?
As a Nets fan I gotta disagree, KD heightens our team so much. The guy is a literal freaking cheat code offensively
KD is light years ahead of both
Yeah that's what it is. He has always gotten a bad whistle (one of the worst in the league but not Theis level). He became a bit more vocal last year with the refs so he started to get better calls but he has gone back to being quiet about those calls. This game when he made the falling circus shot he definitely should have let the refs hear it like most players would. That way you get the call next time.
i mean, as a lakers stan when i look at us vs the nets I say probably not as well lmfao
Vaguely in touching distance? Yeah when half our team and two best players don’t play
i do.  im a secret nets stan (see my poster from the game thread about their dominance).  Not looking at just this game but just looking at matchups
People want both green and Claxton in the closing line up. 

Your only allowed 5 players
Really miss Dinwiddie in those situations. Need another ball handler so we could run play action and get Kyrie the ball in a better situation. Him just walking up the court and getting doubled each time at the halfway line was killing us for a stretch, couldn’t score for shit.
I think Claxton is honestly better for spacing. He is very good at positioning himself and has great chemistry with Kyrie. Aldridge doesn't move much off ball and needs the ball in his hands to have an impact; that removes driving lanes for others in the team
And jeff green
Apparently having only two future hall of famers in the starting 5 is some kind of handicap
Linsanity was probably peak since Deron was one of the 1st to get smoked by Lin and had it out for the Knicks ever since
A playoff series will make it feel more real; rivalries don't count til there's a postseason matchup.  The intensity will go up over 9000.
We'll come back better next year. 

Being the underdogs will get us our culture back.
if this is artificial then the NBA has no rivalries.
but how? what team do u see beating them and who do u thinks gonna win the chip?
RJ might just become a better Jeff Green lol
Look at this guy changing the narrative just to lessen the embarrassment of this loss while bitching about the calls.

It's sad and pathetic. Lol
What ? Those are our only two nba caiber players on the floor tn. Joey Harris got outplayed by bullock lol. TLC played 41 mins tn lmao. We played 3 g-league guys in tlc chiozza, and Alize. Then two second round picks in claxton and brown, then minimum player Jeff green. And you can see why Aldridge was bought out tn he was a non factor. 

Y’all lost against a team missing 6 key rotation guys. You’re not a terrible team you’re a 500 team. You should’ve won this game
Pretty sure the foul was on the way up, where he got hit in the head, not on the block itself.
Look what you did.
I hate you but I hate the Sixers and being seeded 8th more than I hate you
If only we had a challenge that we didn't have to waste on another wrong foul call earlier in the game
That's fine, the Mets, and Jets also play that little brother role but they carved out a loyal fanbase in this massive city. The Nets have only been in Brooklyn for 8 years, they've done a great job growing their fanbase plus the Jersey fans in just a few years along with putting a great product on the floor for most of those years.
What does it say about the Knicks that the JV squad became a staple for stars to come to NYC in your city?? And you got swept by Kyrie and the JV nets. 

Too bad your fans couldn’t suit up and help you **not** blow a 13 point lead to our G-league team. The fact you even had to go to fans, when that dude was talking bout teams is telling
[deleted]
Black and gray uniforms, its so obvious
Would have won if Nerlens didn’t feel like bricking 2 clutch straight clutch fts and the entire team didn’t suddenly become incapable of hitting a jump shot in the second half, our offense is fucking horrid. RJ should have been the go to in the clutch he was the only one not building a fucking house out there. Watching Rose and Quickley out there made me want to cry
Down 6 rotation guys but still had Kyrie, Harris, Green.  We literally only have Randle and only lost by 2 points on a sketchy AF call that showed all ball.
He's a troll. Don't waste your time.
There is no big three though, Harden and KD are probably out for the season...
Oh yeah it could be a complete mess.
Ah the Dwight Howard
I think LeGM could, and will, change his playstyle to fit in the Lakers. I.e. Kuzma
Chris Paul and Harden are in a league of their own when it comes to pick n roll lobs
There's not a single team in the league giving Andre Drummond even half of a max contract.
U right, this was one of his better games this season
key word: tonight.
he's too inconsistent imo
Shooting like Lisa “Left Eye” Lopes
Seems a bit harsh he balled out in the first half
He was clearly gassed/hurt towards the end. Randle was the reason we were leading for as long as we did. He may have made some mistakes in the 4th but to say the L is on him is overboard.
Love Randle especially his game this season but his BBIQ in the second half is generally trash. He makes a lot of dumb plays/passes.
Also Jeff green was getting calls whenever he drove to the rim, I get they were scrambled from doubling Kyrie but some of those calls were fucking stupid. Oh well, at least rj had a hell of a game
My man
Xd
>but the Knicks are gonna be on the come up

Oh you sweet summer child
Your team barely above .500 in the east for the first time in forever

Nets are stacked as shit with some of the best offensive players in the league
Yea Durant, because Harden is number 1 lol.
I guess i have some bias because typically don't watch an entire nets game, just the end and highlights where Kyrie is probably pronounced. Should probably watch a little more before making judgement.
Oh you heard of him? Too bad you never seen him. Best ability is availability
No, Harden since he's gotten here is very obviously been there best player.
Best ability is availability
‘Light years’ ahead of Harden? No chance.
Kd is not light years ahead of harden. HEden should have two mvps right now there a lot closer than people think
Yeah but kd is a snek so
Haha that's cool, I'm a LeBron fan so I root for the Lakers over other Western teams.

I catch a lot of Knicks game when I'm not watching the Nets and they're very strong defensively but they're pretty bad vs teams that can shoot the 3 well. We had an off game today, because we were missing a lot of bodies, but the Knicks weakness is the 3 pt line, on both offense and defense. No disrespect to the Knicks but if I had to choose a first round match up between them, the Celtics, Hornets, Bulls, and Pacers, I'd pick the Knicks, they just don't have the same fire power the other teams have. Also, Thibs has his main guys playing a ton of minutes and they've kinda been slowing down as the season progresses, I'm curious how they look in the playoffs.
Is it impossible to have them both in the closing lineup? People want Claxton to replace Aldridge in the closing lineup
What?

Claxton would replace Aldridge.

With everyone healthy it'd be Kyrie-Harden-Harris-KD-Claxton.
imagine this Nets team but even better, hnnngh
He’s not a shooter tho. Your point about moving into space makes sense but with really only one threatening shooter on the floor with Harris it gets tough. Aldridge at least provides some more shooting. 

I guess I understand what nash was thinking
Claxton is an outstanding defender, but his offensive game is very raw. Claxton would provide a boost with his rebounding, but he hasn't been very consistent at finishing around the rim if Harden isn't with him. With Kyrie he has had less consistent results.
nets legend
I still don't really think so tbh just because Brooklyn are so overpowered. I don't think it's really going to feel like a rivalry during this era because so many people that solely follow Harden, Kyrie or KD are involved and don't really have allegiances or hatreds towards any particular team
Disagree. Even though we haven't been on their level for a long time I will always feel burning hatred towards teams like Indiana, Boston and Philly and I'm sure the feeling is mutual. This is nothing like those
Just a feeling my guy. 🤷

I feel a team in the west is winning it this year.
Randle did pull on Aldridge’s jersey there. You actually got lucky that call wasn’t kept the same. He pulled him down
Jets, Mets, and Nets......

The little brother teams, the JV squads, Thems is the facts. 

The Nets are what the clippers are to the lakers. 

I mean congrats.... but no one really cares.
Being stuck in your head is not a win...for anyone.
You had bullock go beserk and rj had a great game. How are you winning games against the rest of the league if your team is so bad ?
Kyrie's probably out too. I think he's going straight from the locker room to Cancun for his next vacation. Hopefully he's back by the playoffs.
Wrong.
Yeah, Dwight and Harden together never looked as great as it could have because of that reason so I can see Nash, MDA, and Harden all shying away from a guy that doesn't seem to be a guarantee to change his playing style.

I'm sure Drummond might've chose LeBron and the Lakers over the Nets anyway, not saying that we rejected him but I just don't think the fit was ever there anyway.
If he had Harden feeding him 25ppg and he was grabbing 12 rebounds a game he would
[deleted]
He needs a reliable costar. RJ is getting there but he needs time.
first half dont matter when we lose. Too many dumb turnovers by hi and RJ, we up a good amount then you forget the game plan, tea is washed if they cant keep leads.
But it is on Randle. He's an All-Star. I can't accept him going 2-8 from the field, getting 3 fouls, and ALL his TOs in the 2nd Half. 

Plus Irving was making Randle dance like he was performing on Broadway.

I'll give him credit for giving us the lead early. But he shriveled up when it was winning time and I gotta hold him responsible.
He literally stopped looking for his teammates in the 4th. That or they just kept bricking.

Rose was cold in the second half.

Burks only showed up to hit the biggest shot of the night. 

Reggie left all his 3s in the first half.

I can't blame him for having tunnel vision, but you better make ALL those shots
I've been hearing about the "knicks come up" for literally 20 years
Yeah but they only have a window within the next couple years where theyre contenders and don't really have any young talent
more like

 1a) Harden 

1b) Durant 

because a=available b= bitch 

Nah jk  they're both crazy, Durant just needs to rest and heal injuries more than Harden, who is an ironman.
Yeah Kyrie can make tougher shots but Harden + 4 average role players is instantly an above average offense so the Nets very rarely have lulls as long as Harden is playing. Harden's effect on elevating role players is pretty insane so he's either 1a) or 1b) for me on the Nets.
Not in a superteam. Just need kd for post season
The best ability is being Kevin fucking Durant
[deleted]
Personally I think he should have had Westbrook's and one of Giannis'.
ha ha nice 1
i agree with pretty much everything you said (obviously other than the knicks being the easiest matchup for y'all).

I don't see any of the teams you listed playing that disrespected/who the fuck you think you are? i am! type of defense that is gonna be necessary to beat the Nets.  Noone in this league is going to outscore or outfinesse these nets, man.  I just don't see it.   They're too quick, too long, and just too damn good. 

Thibs squads always have this like... weird anger that i fucking love.  Sometimes it's a bad pairing when you don't have players that vibe with that type of energy (Timberwolves is a great example) but this knicks team is vibing with that shit.  Outside of Barrett who is just too young to know any better, this entire roster is filled with dudes who just play angry af
we can run that now but when we are healthy we'll have harden, kyrie, harris, and durant. so only one spot. think thats what he meant
alright fair enough
Yeah but the call got reversed and we didn't have a challenge for the end because of it. And they got a three point play after the challenge anyway because they changed it to a jump ball instead of our possession (which is fine, just saying it ended up helping them mathematically)
You didn’t answer my question, what does it say about The Knicks that the JV team with no fans, became a staple in your city for superstars to come to? That says a lot about the Knicks and it isn’t good lmaoo.
[deleted]
You think drummond is scoring almost 30 a night in Brooklyn?
She did everything. Word is, the Gambinos hired her when they wanted to make a comeback.
Even when Durant was playing Harden was still outplaying him. Honestly I think Harden has been better than Durant for 3 years now. I also think Curry was always the best player on GS as well.
Lmao kevin durankey's best ability is playing with mvp teammates. Literally his whole career
Doesn’t hold much weight when the guy were comparing him to has had a 36 PPG season and if twice the passer
Yea the only team I mentioned that could play that kinda defense is the Celtics, I'm not sure what happened (outside of injuries and COVID), but somehow their defense which has been perennially top 5, has been mediocre to bad all season, but they definitely have the gear to be much better. I wouldn't say to this to a Celtics fan but I can see them giving their first round opponent a sizable scare, especially if its the Sixers if you consider how one-sided that rivalry has been.

Agreed about Thibs, his teams with the right players and personnel play like it's March Madness all the time.
Dude. I’ve been a Knicks fan since the 90s. Everyone knows the Knicks have been hot garbage the past 20 years. This is the first year of semi success in almost 10 years. 

It’s way less pressure to go to the little brother. 

The facts are that when the Knicks and nets play on the same night the Knicks get more publicity.
We can continue to live in ya head rent free or you never talk about us again. 🤷

Either way we win b.
After KD left those teams they never got past the first round, something the Knicks are used to, maybe it hits a little too close to home for you
The only reason you was on national our second game was because y’all were playing us. We are second in merchandising, 4th most watched team in the league and the most talked about nationally. Those are facts. 

I don’t understand this pressure thing either. The whole world is watching us right now. The pressure is on for us to deliver the title and far beyond New York. If we lose, we’d get the Clippers treatment and WORSE by a margin. Nets have been a scrutinized all season long especially with this buyout market fiasco. 

Everything coming out of NYC isn’t about the Knicks. Hell, all of the big market talk right now is about us and the lakers, not you
[deleted]
You guys haven't gotten past the first round in 10 years but go off
At least we didn't lose in the first round after winning 67 games lmaooo
Do you not watch basketball? We're in the playoffs dumbass, lmao.
You mean when we won a championship? Idk I think I'd rather have that than the one playoff series the knicks won since then, but hey at least the knicks sacrificed all those years to have a better future right? Wait...
I mean yeah, you'd have to make the playoffs and win 67 games, things the knicks have not done very often this millennium. It's nice to know that the mavs have the same number of championships that the knicks have playoff series wins since 2000 tho.
Don't act like you were a mavs fan in 2011
Watching the Pelicans play is like watching the Titanic sink over and over again
Shout out to Kyrie, that’s the 2nd time this year he’s reached in and got a deflection to seal the W
14 minutes to get through the final 13 seconds. FFS
There's one thing you can say about the Pels, they're never boring.
6'3 bruce brown outrebounds everyone, just as expected
Predictable redemption performance by Kyrie in the clutch after the Heat game. Shamet's playmaking is refreshing given our dearth of point guards; that Bey trade starting to look like a win-win now.
Ramadan Kyrie really is built different
Can we just flash forward to the Pelicans being good because watching them play is ridiculously irritating despite Zion and Ingram being on the team.
So tired of this :/
Kyrie was so clutch.
It’s incredible considering how hyped he was, but I think Kyrie has become so underrated. Dude is literally having one of the most historic high volume seasons in the history of the league at 29 years old. I could legit see him averaging 30 as soon as next season, which is insane.
Really great team win. Kyrie made up for last game. Super shorthanded and they stepped up. Needed that after the Harden news
This team is so hard to watch. They’re so good at making a game close. And are absolutely godawful at winning those games.
Kyrie redemption game
Pelicans and Grizzlies are literally shit tier at closing out games. We just cannot do the right things in the clutch.
Joe Harris shot better when he moves lol. Knew he was gonna miss the FT.

Anyway shoutout to the depleted Nets. Shamet played well, and Kyrie willed this win tonight.
Pelicans....free throws are important, y’all.
Bruce Brown is a beast
We win this game if we hit our free-throws. But that final possession with Kyrie knocking off Zion just about sums it up. At least it happened during a "developing" season so Zion can learn from it. I think we still need a floor general because "Point Zion" is clearly not ready for crunch time yet.
Zion's main weakness in the clutch is that he turns it over too often. It's happened like the past 3 games for the Pels where he has turned it over like thrice each fourth quarter.
Big win for us
I usually try to think of something positive from each game.

Tonight Bledsoe only played 17 minutes, which is a step in the right direction
The timeout and fouling needs adjustment. Shits so clowny
Annnd the Kyrie haters have disappeared

Anyways, great game by Kyrie and the whole team especially with how short-handed we were
Shamet with 8 assists tonight
Watching Zion is fun.
I hate when games end like that!
Watching kyrie take over the 2nd half was poetry
We're not good enough for the play-in, not bad enough to have good lottery odds

We just out here
We can still get 40 before 20!
Fouling while up 3 is the smart play strategically but absolutely destroys the viewing experience. I would love a rule that eliminates it. Voiding the chance to see a game tying shot is stupid as hell.
Lonzo didn’t box out Bruce Brown
what a boring ass ending to that game. 

Having advanced analytics and the slow replays makes the last minute of some games unbearable to watch. I hate the strategy of intentionally fouling so a team can't even attempt a 3 pointer when down three. I understand, but it makes for a worse product and I think the rules should be changed when you intentionally foul when leading. Maybe it's a 1 and 1 and the ball situation. 

Just venting because having long replays and these analytics is bad for the spirit of basketball and makes for a worse product.
Why didn’t Zion shoot as soon as he got the ball?
Remember how Bledsoe wasn't built for the playoffs?  Turns out he isn't built for the regular season either.
lol called it a couple of days ago. This team just sucks.
The great thing for Pels this game was Bledsoe not playing 4th quarters. Hope he won't play any minutes for the next following games.
So are the Pelicans getting another new coach this summer or do they exercise patience with SVG?
Pelicans are doing what the spurs did last year but worse
Pels gotta move on from ingram. He is terrible beside zion.
Steve Nash needs to be fired today, I don't want to watch that last 15 minutes ever again
Yup
*"This was the Pelicans' 14th loss this season when having a lead of 10 points or more.   That leads the NBA."* 

[link.](https://twitter.com/_Andrew_Lopez/status/1384691858304032768)
With a zydeco-themed cover of “*My Heart Will Go On*” playing endlessly on loop
Zion's wasted on the Pelicans
I mean I know Zion is huge, but damn, this is ruthless.
All the haters from yesterday’s postgame thread quiet today
Once in awhile he has an off game like the one against Miami, but honestly I could count the number of players I’d want to have the ball over him during clutch time on one hand.
He also scored 15 of the team's 22 points in the final 6 minutes. He stepped up big when it mattered most tonight
Very Kobe esque
First to Randle and then to Randle with hops
Blame the Cavs for converting Nash into a foul-down-three coach
I am all for coaches fouling when up by 3.
It was like watching an old Rockets game
Every intentional foul should be 3 FT’s. This avoids teams fouling when behind trying to catch up, and avoids teams up 3 deciding to foul
They should make a foul an automatic 2 points to speed up the game in the last minute.
This team is the 2014-2016 Saints

exciting offense, terrible defense, tons of close losses.
I mean I you have followed the Nets then yeah, as expected
The Pelicans needed Josh Hart to match the rebounding.
If Ingram follows his shot he could’ve brought that rebound down, but instead he faded away from his shot
Shamet has been so good lately
Point Shamet has always been overlooked
He waits all day so he can feast at night!
Is it confirmed anywhere that hes fasting?
god do i feel that
Bledsoe, this current unmotivated version, needs to go first before New Orleans can prosper
I went through that phase. Now i'm just expecting it most games.
he would've averaged 30 last year if he was healthy tbh
You guys are one or two moves away from being really scary.  Chin up
We’re both really young teams, it’s part of the learning process
At this point the Pelicans might be in a tier of their own.
The team actually did a good job this game, just that the lack of shooting failed them when Zion passed to Naji in the end.
your best young defender has missed all season tbf
You think you lack a veteran piece to get it organized?
Yup but can’t mention this in our sub without being bombarded to hell
NAW and Hart coming back should lessen those minutes even more.

Lonzo-NAW-BI-Zion-Adams with Hart, Kira, Marshall, and Hayes completing the rotation.
With your team or the Pelicans because the Nets fouling at the end is annoying to me because Pelicans couldn’t shoot a three to tie the game without getting fouled by the Nets. It is a strategy that isn’t illegal to do though.
Gonna be like that for the next 3 years.
Funny thing is the Pels had managed to do what Brooklyn did tonight with the foul up 3 they’d have won two nights ago.
What in the world are you talking about. BI's FT miss? BI didn't follow his own shot and Hayes who was at the sideline for rebounding didn't even get in the lane
They dont suck, theyre just young and inexperienced and so they have problems closing games,
You’re not the brightest individual
You don't watch pels and it shows. If anyone is to blame its David griffin. What kind of dumbass do you have to be to pair your two franchise players who thrive in space with a bunch of guys who can't shoot. You gave an extension to a big who is a horrible fit and missed on all your draft picks. Griffin isn't serious about winning anymore.
I feel bad for Zion tbh. SVG gonna waste 4 years of his career
Might fuck around and bust out the accordion
Nah I'm going to still hate on Kyrie;

Why can't he get a haircut?
I will take only KD over him in the clutch
I was just jealous your players actually did it.

We just lost to the Knicks because Eric Bledsoe 'wasn't paying attention' when they asked him to foul when up by three.
I think it was the wizarss
Nash fouls up 3, he did this in the Clippers game earlier this season
It's the most boring bullshit imaginable.

I get it, mathematically you secure the win in more scenarios when you do this, but it's terrible for viewing audience and the whole point is for close games to be exciting.
the only argument against this is an increase in flopping apparently LOL
no that's dumb
This reminds me off the people advocating for the 4th and 15 instead of the onside kick in football. 

Stop trying to give teams down big in late game situations easier ways to come back.
so we're in for 3 years of deep playoff runs with heartbreaking endings next 😔
Epic rebound-off we could have had, man :(
It's on Lonzo too. He was standing next to Brown. But Brown crashed the boards and Lonzo stood there and watched.
/r/technicallythetruth
I think it's visible almost, the personal break right alongside Ramadan start, he doesn't even drink anything on the bench. 

It's almost blatant how tired he is in these games, he only turns it up sometimes in the games now.
Strictly speaking he picks and chooses when to turn it up, doesn't go 100% all game unless required.
Oh don’t get me wrong I completely expect it. Just tired of *having* to expect it.
[deleted]
We're historically bad at closing out
Dawg all timeout. Not even bias in this one. If you gotta wait 20 minutes to wrap up a 30 seconds game then the product needs fixing.
Bledsoe admitted SVG told the team to do it, and he just forgot. At this point I would rather have Eric Gordon back. At least he had the sense to be "injured" the whole time instead of playing and actively losing games
Man there’s younger teams than us that haven’t blown 14 or something 10 point leads in the 4th. We suck. We aren’t good, I’m tired of all the excuses. BI is in year 5. Zo is in year 4. Adams is in year what? 8? We suck plain and simple. It’s not like this team is a bunch of rookies.
I for one am looking forward to surrounding Zion with 14 shooters in the off-season
I know Pistons fans hate him but this season isn’t on SVG
But the thing is in this part of his career it’s important to build up stats and a career resume.  He’s adding to his lifetime points and notched an ASG start
Ehh, I would argue David Griffin has done him worse then SVG. Bledsoe sucks, Adams doesn't fit and the contract is cancer, Jaxon Hayes???? how was he a good potential fit?  
SVG has his flaws but the main issues are lack of defensive effort and shitty late game execution. The problem might be that he doesn't reach the players? That case it's a poor coaching hire and that's on Griff again.
Ok boomer
they lost the double OT to Cleveland because Sexton hit a game tying three in a 4 second possession to end the 4th
Smort coach.
I was thinking the whole time about how if it becomes a thing the league will have a rule change. The last 10 minutes of a game being free throws is dumb but maybe they just stick ads in there and get paid.
For what reason
This is the opposite...it would finally end the parade of fouling that the losing team does at the end of every game
It's not even wanting to give teams an easier way to come back. These games are becoming such a drag to watch. And tbh i feel like it's logical for a foul in the bonus behind the 3 point line to be 3 FTs, even if it's only a last 2 minutes rule.........
His face is gaunt. But holy shit what a game for him. I get slightly hungry and I’m useless. Can’t imagine what playing while fasting is like.
Well he's in NO today, so he should've been able to drink sometime in the 2nd half
Ramadan is fasting from sunrise to sundown, and the game is mostly after sunset in New Orleans
I didn't even know Kyrie was Muslim
It was a close game though.
Did Bled get hurt? Or is SVG shifting course?  He didn’t play at all in the 4th did he?
Steven Adams going to learn how to shoot in the offseason?
You’ve lost so many games you should’ve won.
yeah you keep jrue and this is a fucking cakewalk to the playoffs
The disrespect to Patty Mills.
Elam ending. It is so much better
Want to have broadcasts dissect what constitutes an intentional foul for 10 minutes? The rule is fine and fouling while up 3 is a smart coaching decision.
I think he just sticks with not eating or drinking anything until after the game, sometimes fasting entire day, and then suddenly eating or drinking as soon as you are allowed to, while you are expanding massive amounts of energy during games can cause separate issues I think. 

But I think what Kyrie is doing only Kyrie knows lol.
Fasting for Ramadan actually starts at dawn, not sunrise.
finally fucking benched him I think
Nope, and he doesn’t need to. Adams hasn’t been a problem this season and is actually very consistent and sturdy. The number of second chances he provides on the offensive glass combined with lanes opened up via screens for Zion in the lane is enough for me. 

Now the back court on the other hand....yea those dudes gotta go. Lol
I mean when our players can’t hit open shots and he’s telling players to foul when we’re up 3 and they don’t do it, there’s only so much he can do
Or if Eric Bledsoe remembered how to play basketball/give a shit. He went from averaging 15/4.6/5.4 on 47.5/34.4/79 shooting in 27 minutes to 12/3.5/3.7 on 40.7/34.5/73.4 shooting in 30 minutes
The one and only solution.
Fouling up 3 is definitely the smart coaching move, I think that’s the problem. Gaining an advantage by fouling is what ruins the viewing experience - because it encourages more fouls.

And I would rather watch a review of that than 10 minutes of FT’s back and forth. Did you watch the end of the game we’re commenting on?
depends on the person, Kanter has pb&j sandwiches and fruit when the trainer lets him know it's sunset

A lot of soccer players drink right away when it's time
I almost don’t believe it at this point.
I assume its a resign or Lonzo? But, look to move Bledsoe immediately?
Is it a technical if you kick your own players ass? Bring their mom to a game and have her yank them by the ear out of the stadium

SVG needs to try this route
Dude lost motivation after going from contender to rebuilding team.
Should the Pelicans just bench Bledsoe at this point and play Kira Lewis more? I mean an unmotivated Bledsoe mailing it in is doing more harm than good at this point surely
Yes it was excruciating. Your suggestion is not the answer. I don’t think there is a simple answer.
Always been Bledsoe I think. They needed more defense and decided to pick this guy up for some bizarre reason. They need another 3 and D guy not Bledsoe. Ingram and Zion are very ball dominant already they don't need a small PG who can't shoot and barely averages 4 assists.

And yet somehow Bledsoe is playing 30 MPG this season. What's happening?
Attach pick to Bledsoe or if we can’t move him, relegate him strictly to come off the bench. 

Personally I am a fan of S&Ting Zo to Chicago for something around Thad Young, Markannen and Arcidiacano (not all three just a combination of them) or to New York for Alex Burks and Reggie Bullock. 

If Portland changes a lot up this offseason then Lonzo maybe for Powell in a double S&T and/or DJJ.
I defend guaranteed contracts because owners can fuck over people if they werent guaranteed but fuck that shit too. Should go both ways, its a contract that should be honored.

Players should be giving 100% (if healthy) no matter the teams situation, players clearly sagging and pouting if they're not in their preferred situation hurts watchability so much.
I mean I definitely understand why he feels that way but it sucks to watch
I don’t know what else can be done besides implementing the target score. I’ve been wondering for years what can be done to prevent it and those are the only 2 solutions that seem realistic. And the NBA will never implement target scores for real games so
> They need another 3 and D guy

Those are both rare, and exceptionally expensive. You can't just "get" one lmao.
Burk and Bullock would be a serious win now move. The other trades are interesting though from a future building stand point as well. You guys need some depth too though my goodness. This teams roster doesn't make sense.
I think we could begin doing win-now moves because we still have all of our picks + the LAL/MIL swaps and picks down the line. 

Defense is our priority though. It begins with Zion and Ingram, they must buckle in on the defensive end. They’re the leaders and the rest of the team looks up to them.
After watching ingrams defence today, please don't say zion  and ingram are bad defensively.
Zion is playing much better defence compared to BI
Bruh, does JVG really not know why the NBA specifically has a bleed rule?
F Joe Harris & his momentum killing, run stopping, back breaking 3's
Blake Griffin, Mike James, and Joe Harris with +17 or better
Kyrie ready to lock up Giannis in the playoffs
That might have been Kyrie's worst scoring night for this season
Literally Brooklyn was trying to give Boston the game and Boston kept doing dumbass shit
Fast break points final tally: Brooklyn 32-0 Boston

You could hear Nash keeping his guys focused on it too. Might be the most one sided fast break stat in a game ive ever seen.
1st Seed MOTHWRDUCKESD
Grant Williams gets a lot of minutes for a guy who doesn’t seem to be really good at anything

Also shoutout to my guy Pritchard, go ducks!
Every time the Nets win, I get a little slim dude
It wasn't pretty but winning is good
Semi, Grant, Romeo, Smith, not bad players, but you can't have that many players who play and give you almost nothing on offense 

they're all like solid 9th men on a good team
You could not live with the Sixers . Where did that bring you? Back to me

-me to the #1 seed
Those two turnovers by Smart and Tatum at the end are what shut off all our momentum at the end. Disappointing since we could have definitely won it. Oh well onto the next
Kyrie played an excellent defensive game. Great to see the abysmal shooting didn't have any affect on that end of the floor. He has grown a lot as a player this year.

He's never been as bad as the narrative on defense when he puts the effort in but tonight was great.
First-game Fournier and any-game Grant are miserable to watch.

But at least we have Damian Lillard on steroids.
Celtics basketball bbyyy!!!
Kyrie played like a cheap imitation of himself. I thought Tatum was gonna get a technical. Super frustrated at lack of calls. Both teams wanted to lose at the end. Good game
Back in the 1 seed, feels good. Especially with how injured we’ve been recently.
Terrible job closing out the game but a wins a win. Especially with kyrie going 4/19 as the only resident big three member.
I don't think this game means jack shit for the Celtics *or* the Nets, but the loss stings nonetheless. Especially with that near-comeback. Our schedule from here on out is pretty close to a cakewalk, hoping JB's back soon so we can gun for that 4th seed
Tatum can’t win with these bums
Joe Harris hitting them 3’s is some sight
I feel like most people dismiss Steve Nash because "lol 3 MVPs i could coach them" but even with 2/3 missing they always play competetive cudos to Steve
Nets swept the Celtics. What a time to be alive
Meh, 1-1 short handed against 2 tough teams. Would have made more sense if we lost yesterday and not today. 

Happy with the last 48 hours but today was an ugly game. Thank God well never see these lineups again.
Nets have Boston’s number big time
Swept the Celtics and took the 1st seed back. Ugly game but I’ll take it
Romeo Langford really came through for the nets tonight
[The Brooklyn Nets Win!](https://streamable.com/wm4jcr)



https://streamable.com/wm4jcr



##**1st place!**  40-20!  *Swept Boston!*


Yo, I tried making coffee cake for the first time monday and it came out crazy ugly but it tastes fucking rad, so even ugly cake can be good, same way with wins.  W's can be like ugly moist coffee cake, *fuckin' fine enough.*












*Let's Go Nets!*

**BROOKLYN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**

[^^^^^RAWR,villain!](https://streamable.com/qn2la8)
Questionable coaching down the stretch
Thank you Nets
What a game!
We waited half the season to watch Romeo be this.
Glad didn't watched Romeo Langford running around for 18 mins.
It sucks we lost but, on the bright side this was our "hardest" game left
Nothing drains of my energy more than unforced TOs, especially live ball TOs
If you told me kyrie was going to go 4-19, be -10, and the Celtics still wouldn’t cover my +4.5 spread I’d have to call you crazy
We not gonna talk about Fournier's piss poor offense and no effort defense at all?
man Boston just shot themselves in the foot every time they got close
Could've won that but I still have hope
Bad loss for the Celtics
Lmfao just give the Nets the chip now
[deleted]
Aaron "Naismith"
Thanks Nets
I'm not here to talk about the game, I'm here to talk about how awful the viewing experience is of basketball on ESPN
that certainly was a game of
basketball
Nice game kyrie lul!
Romeo Langford with that -26 in 18 minutes yikes.
This game needed more Jabari Parker
That three. From Harris when Tatum cut it to 3 really was massive.
Does it have to do with Magic?
Old heads
him and klay might be the best momentum stoppers in the league
We love him
Unironically played amazing defense tonight.
For the life of me, I will never understand why he went out of his way to pick up Giannis in transition
Yeah but he definitely knew what his role was tonight, almost had a triple double, and played great defense.
Yeah but I would say he made up for it with his passing game and his effort on defense
charlotte maybe?
played rly well tho
Man looked gassed
Marcus Dumbass Shit.
Stevens was telling his guys to focus on it as well, but they had tired legs / weren't mentally in it tonight. The Celtics pace is sooo slow, which is odd considering how young and athletic their team is.

Steven's interview was unintentionally hilarious because he was talking about how the C's have to take smart shots and hustle back, and during that exact period Grant Williams air-balled an early shot clock 3 and the team kinda lolly-gagged back which led to an easy bucket for the Nets.
yeah
https://youtu.be/Ufz4LbsGH_o
LFG!
He's our Draymond Green that doesn't do any of the things Draymond Green does :D
So happy for Pritchard. Seems like the most Ducks in the NBA ever
He's very good at scored on whilst being in good defensive position. Maybe the best in the NBA at it.
r/bostonceltics is still trying to convince themselves that he’s the next PJ Tucker

PP is a stud though.
> go ducks!

amen
He's very good at looking jacked as fuck, you wouldn't say shit to him at lan
True. He's like a poor man's PJ Tucker for me. We literally got Jabari Parker sitting down while Grant Williams was in the floor running around.
Not pretty but winning without our best two players and with one of kyries worst nights in a while is good. 

Nash is doing a great job, getting the bench to contribute like that is so nice. Bruce brown is the goat
Seriously. We gave up a 17pt lead lol
100% expected a loss.

Celtics were on a hot streak and the Nets are obviously missing KD, Harden, and Claxton. 

Only positive thing coming into the game was that the Celtics were on a back-to-back.
Grant and Semi have times when they would be valuable and times when they are unplayable... Romeo might be that 9th man. Nesmith is deep bench-worthy right now, but he's a project.
Semi is a bad player. The rest are young
Put Marcus Smart in with those players, except unlike those he thinks he's Stephen Curry
He’s been lowkey great on D for the past couple months
was so sure Fournier was gonna go off against us.. he used to when he was on the Magic
On offense?
Kyle Erving.  It's like a Steve Urkel / Stefan Urquelle thing.
Well we got the one seed back so it did something lol. In the grand scheme of things, it’s 2 teams dealing with injuries so your right
Payton🥲?
[deleted]
When Marcus Smart is your #2 option on offense, you know you have a problem. We can live with one of Kemba or Brown out, but *both?* Yikes.
In before they trade Smart, Fournier, and 3 first round picks for Lonzo Ball this offseason.
Yea Nash has been super solid as a first year coach, some Nets fans rag on him after losses, but I think he's been fantastic. Also helps we have a pretty loaded assistant coaching staff; D'Antoni, Vaughn, Udoka are really good and have been around a while, and we have a couple of ex-players in Splitter and Stoudemire who've been great at player development and kinda serving as the go-between between coaches and players.
Nets were short handed as well
I mean, they have better players so not really surprising.
r/brandnewsentence material
The entire 2nd half strategy was questionable but man that time out to kill their own fast break was something special.  I probably don't understand enough about coaching to get why they do most of the things they do but even I know not to do that.
Very nice indeed. Knicks and Hawks need to get that 4 and 5 seed. Would be a great series!
Those last three minutes, besides Pritchard's shooting, all need to be in film study. Marcus practicing post-game on how to not throw away the pass.
Wasn’t watching the ESPN feed. What did he say?
Yep. Karl Malone was vocal about possibly catching aids from him. They spoofed it in space jam with him afraid to catch whatever made the stars sucks.
I believe so but I coudl be mistaken.
He still does that now. I'm not sure if it's just a habit or something, but he'll always try and pick up the ball handler in transition. He'll play them really aggressively and if he gets blown by he'll go for that back slap steal every player does.

Kyrie has been constantly guarding way bigger dudes all season, mostly due to our switch everything defensive scheme, but it does seem like Kyrie relishes the matchups. He gets scored on a bunch, but he has quick hands, and is allowed to get away with a lot (every small defender does tbh), so he gets a fair amount of deflections and steals too.
15-9-11-4-2 on 0-6 from 3 is a Draymond statline
Was great to see it some unselfish play
his role was to miss? he had 20 shots
Definitely not, he was clamping like crazy
He’s a worse version of rookie PJ Tucker but thinks he is prime Dray
Homeless Draymond
Totally worth trading away _checks notes_ Mathisse Thybulle
Yeah really happy for him and the other ducks. Boucher has had a really good breakout year and Brooks has been decent although I really wish he could be more efficient with how much he shoots
Joe Harris is also excellent at this. Hands up but a literal turnstile that doesn’t stop anyone
You can’t be FastPP and not be a stud
That’s Semi. He’s a personal trainer in disguise as a basketball player.
Not only KD and Harden but without Claxton and Alize either. Blake, Harris and our newest FA showed up and balled out.
I expected Nets to win since Boston just came off from a B2B
What's up with Claxton BTW? I just watch games and read post-game threads but I haven't heard why he's actually out. I must have missed it.
Did you see the injury report? I expected to get blown out
no way lol Marcus is a legit i trust him to play 30+ mins a night type starter in the NBA
Trolls man, why do y’all exist
It’s kinda sad that often times he’s the guy on on our team making the most hustle plays for rebounds and steals. Him and Bruce brown mostly
Magic are legit one of the scariest teams for a Nets fan. Vooch would always go off for crazy stat lines and then Fournier and Terrence Ross would take turns getting incredibly hot for random games against us.
Oh yeah, I meant like in the bigger picture, obviously we're both still fighting for seeding so every game counts
We didn't need him game 1. Gotta backload your buckets.
Tatum loves second halves. Keep an eye out for it, it's crazy
No
bro i wouldn't trade Smart for Lonzo straight up, and i *like* Lonzo
Boo
Yeah, but you guys have been shorthanded all season and are still winning games even with just Kyrie. No shame in a loss here, you guys have a good bench and Tristan Thompson isn't exactly gonna take advantage of your lack of a rim protector.
Yeah I know. I expected us to win today and lose yesterday lol
Yeah but the hand the Celtics had left was really short, like one of those little t-rex hands that one kid at your school had but everyone was really nice to him and tried not to say anything about it
Clearly you weren’t a Nets fan when Kidd was on the team
Step one: don’t throw away the pass

Step two: ????

Step three: profit
Karl Malone was just worried about transferring it to a child
When we played the Bucks in the playoffs there were plays where he chose to guard Giannis in half court as well.  It didn't go so well.
Don't insult Draymond, 2-11-15 is his statline, 15 points? Once in a blue moon maybe. And 0-6 from three? I've just seen him pass up the widest open three today created by Curry. He wouldn't even try 6 threes in practice.
He’s been playing like this without harden and Durant often. When harden is in the court he kind of switches into iso mode
kicked our ass tonight sadly lmao
Nah Williams is jacked too, Semi is just a truck though that's another level
Lmao what a broken team
Seriously it seems like nowadays you just have to check to see who's on a B2B and that's who's losing. 

Celtics were on a B2B after playing the Suns. Who themselves lost to the Celtics because *they* were on a B2B after beating Philly. Who themselves lost to the Bucks on the second night of a B2B after losing to the Suns. 

Is that all the end of this season is gonna be?
And no Jaylen or Kemba for some reason
Yeah I expected a loss in this one with how many dudes were sitting on the B2B
He's in the health and safety protocols, and I'm pretty sure he actually has COVID since right after that news broke Shams tweeted about a player testing positive I think.
He's out for safety and testing protocols, but it being for this long basically means he got COVID.
Really? By Kyrie and a bunch of nets roles players?
He's a good player who should be fined 100k every time he passes 8 shots taken
How is it a troll, he is taking 17 shots and scoring 19 points lmao, and 2-10 on threes

He's a bad offensive player, don't understand why the Celtics loved to defend his offense bruh he's bad at it, even if every player is out  Marcus Smart should not be taking 17 shots ever, EVER
Bro vooch eats us alive every game it’s wild
It tells nothing of what these teams are gonna be at full strength but yeah it hurts for Celtics seeding and definitely helps the nets a lot. 

That being said Tatum is scary when he gets hot like that he’s literally unguardable
That’s a great point. 

Nets role players are just more likely to have a good night compared to the Celtics. Tatum did everything he could and must have been exhausted at the start. Also like you said, nets biggest weakness is defending offensive oriented big men, especially if we don’t have KD or harden to help mitigate this by outscoring teams
Our injury report listed 7 players lol
Lmao
Scorers gotta love playing us. Must be fun to go at a bunch of small guards, melo and kanter all game
I always thought Williams looked kinda plump.
I miss when you all had Guerschon Yabusele and it was like an even more jacked Semi.
damn u really scared of the Bruce Brown lead nets.
Yeahhh I paid attention to that and not gonna lie to you it was hilarious
Kemba doesn't do B2Bs & JB is still nursing a shoulder injury
Nets weren’t exactly at full health either.
Vs Tatum and a bunch of role players? 

No Kemba or Brown
Have you seen our bench?
That last part just isn’t true. When he is our second best player, he should be taking second best player shots.

Some games Marcus is on, some games he is off, but his defensive contributions and leadership outweighs that. We are nothing without Smart.
Because he was literally the only one who scored in the 3rd keeping us in the game.

Do you even watch games or just quote box scores ? 

Also, he was guarding Kyrie.
how is he bad on offense though? he's got a .560 TS, and he averages nearly 6 apg to less than 2 tpg
he just had to get traded to the Bulls so we have to play him again 😔
Yeah, he looked like a different player today than he did yesterday. Not just the shooting, he was more aggressive and just seemed *quicker.* Dunno what's been bothering him the last couple games, it felt like more than cold shooting but it's nice to see him back to form
Yeah, exactly. Our bench isn't *terrible,* but we really don't have any offensive production outside of Fournier (who hasn't played in weeks and was just awful tonight). We can't tread water without our stars the way y'all can.
Now you are beginning to understand how bad our depth is
Softer than Semi, but he still looks like he works shoulders 7 days a week.
No?
Mostly the B2B
I live with a C's fan so trust me I hear all about y'alls bench. At least you don't have to play Jeff Teague anymore
Absolute slaughter by KD  and the Nets. As soon as KD was put in off the bench he basically won them the game.
in a game that we put up 139 points, TLC shot 2-13 from 3 lmfao
That was like watching Alabama play well any other college team.
Looked forward to this game because I wanted to see Zion set the record...the Nets really gotta ruin it all smh
Blake Griffin and LaMarcus Aldridge combine for 32 on 75% shooting: deepest team of all time
This game was over the moment KD entered and started blasting.
An L and the end of Zion’s streak. 

PAIN.
Despite TLC's best efforts, the Brooklyn Nets managed to win the game
It's Chris Chiozza's world. We're just living in it.
ESPN gonna have a field day tomorrow about KD
TLC is terrible lol
All the attention is going to be on the Nets offense, but it’s hilarious that they’re the team that finally forced Zion into a bad game. 

Also TLC…. make a shot dude
We should have been had 150+ if TLC didn’t host a brick fest that whole fourth
Man the team was really starting to click before the injuries, and now we’re whatever this is.  There was a lineup in the 4th that was IT/Naji Marshall/Iwundu/Johnson/Hernangomez and literally only 1 of those players was a full time Pelican 3 weeks ago, and he was riding the bench
Nets are fluid on offense, just effortless out there
KD didn’t miss a shot but damn the turnovers
We're gonna have to pretend like the nets arent gonna win it all for a few months. Fun.
The nba really let KD, Kyrie, harden, BG and LMA on the same team LMAOOOOO
SCARY HOURS
Once again Kevin Durant ruins everything.

But seriously, congrats to the nets on a great game. They look scary af.
As the famous French Revolution motto goes: Luwawu, Egalité, Fraternité
NETSWORLD
March Madness legend Chris Chiozza with 12 points
KD is awesome
Lmao @ all the people who acted like the Nets getting Griffin and Aldridge was not a big deal because they were "washed". They looked pretty damn good, and far from "washed" today. They may not be the all-stars they once were, but they are some of the best support players you could possibly get in the entire NBA.
Dude...
What is this team
The Pelicans defense was hilariously bad tonight. Brooklyn would make one swing pass and there was a wide open three.
The league isn't ready for the big 3
1 seed haters
Durant didn't miss a goddamn shot. 6 turnovers in 18 minutes tho?
KD is the best player in the league.
Can't wait til we're in our final form. 

GG Pels
When can Detroit sue Blake for breach of contract?

LMAO
We may never lose again
TLC is hottttttt garbage
TLC took the second most shots for the nets 🤮
KD off the bench is utterly unfair to other bench units
which team realistically stops them though? i honestly can't think of one. even for the next few seasons to come, is there anyteam that can build to stop this dynasty?
It's stupid how good the Nets are. The only possibility other teams have come playoffs is  that somehow with all their stars available they collapse because of lack of games played together
Should the Nets's very existence warrant Adam Silver to tried at the Hague ? Arguble

But... My god was the Pelicans defence absolute garbage. It wasnt just elite scorers like KD and Kyrie feasting. Mf'ing Bruce Brown was hitting 3's
If the Nets don’t win the title....oh boy. I don’t recall seeing a shoe-in for a title in a long time.
[The Brooklyn Nets Win!](https://streamable.com/wm4jcr)



https://streamable.com/wm4jcr


9 points short of a new franchise record for points in regulation...*bums!*  Trade them all to the Fort Wayne Mad Ants for cash considerations and a sandwich cart.

Seriously though, TLC making than final shot was cathartic after his struggles tonight.  Reminded me of the game Deron Williams got the 3s in a half record; Reggie Evans was having his usual free throw struggles all game, then he made 2 in a row and the bench and crowd erupted like he hit a game 7 buzzer beater lol..















*Let's Go Nets!*

**BROOKLYN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**

[^^^^^RAWR,villain!](https://streamable.com/qn2la8)
How the fuck people can think Harden is the MVP of the league on a team with Kyrie and KD is beyond me. 

Like I know it's the Pels and all, but this team is LOADED.
well i'm glad we won during the sole year of no superteams
i say fuck it. let's just get the remaining old stars in the league without a ring all to nets to fucking kill it
Isn’t it just over for the league?
KD with 5-5FGM, 2-2 threes, 5-5FTM and 5 assists 7 rebs. Walk in the park.
someone remind me: 3 games with all three players healthy since the Harden trade?
Lose harden no problem here comes KD
The league has been a joke for the entity of Adam Silvers tenure and he has done nothing to fix the parity issues that plague this league.
So can we finally stop with the bullshit cherry picked Shaq stat that Zion was on pace to breaking? Thank god.
Did the Pelicans miss any major players? They looked incredibly out of sync out there. KD only played part of the 2nd quarter and some of the 3rd but by the time he went to the bench the Nets were almost up 40 (and finished the half 79-59... 80 points in a half is A LOT).

It felt like even the Nets B-team really made a ton of trouble for the Pels, who sometimes reverted to just giving the ball to Zion, a non-shooter, on the top of the key, and expecting miracles (or more realistically, fouls). I think to end the 2nd Zion was at the top of the key, passed to Lonzo on the 3pt line, who just passed the ball back to him with no action in between, which just seemed bizarre.
I used to love TLC. He better not see a minute in the playoffs man
TLC brickfest brought down the team's 3pt percentage from 61% to 46% lmaooo
TLC’s injury really killed his form. He was solid in the bubble and early on in the season.
Timothé "Despite the Win" Luwawu-Cabarrot
He's become the new taurean
Superteams destroying ma dude's record smh

the b2b prob didn't help either tho
recorDeez Nets.
Yea was disappointed, was hoping to see that
"HOW ARE THEY GETTING THEIR PRIMES BACK? THIS ISN'T SPACEJAM"

-Lebron

-RDCWorld
I was assured repeatedly they were washed and getting them for free was nbd
Dude looked rusty out there after being out with injury. You could tell by the 100/100/100 splits.
[deleted]
19 minutes with 17 points and 100% shooting splits. Also 7 rebounds and 5 assists. 

The fact he did that in a return game and he only needed 19 minutes to do that type of damage is insane.
Kd: "so anyways i started blasting"
Insert the Danny devito meme🤣🤣🤣🤣
F
Man, I'm sad for you guys. I was really hoping that we'd get the W but Zion would preserve the streak. I love the Pels this year. Been watching them when the Nets aren't on.
This team was better off under Gentry.
20-point game streak?
Why tf he take the second most shots. Now that I think of it Brooklyn prob coulda scored like 160
I’m for one am excited to see how Nick Wright will try, and fail, to spin it into a pro-Lakers talking point on Fox
If he doesn't go 2-13 we put up 150 easy
Is he TLC cause he's a scrub?
Water is wet
Another note: Kyrie is playing solid ass defense this season
I dunno why he gets minutes with all the available players tbh
Make all your shots, other team never gets in transition lol. Must be easier playing defense like that.
they have some more then solid individual defenders. This whole nets have no d narrative was purely a coping mechanism from opposing fans. They do have D. Not the best but certainly good enough
Missed like 10 wide open threes
Effortless on defense too.
Analysts have to create doubt by saying dumb shit about there only being “one ball” and “can they get a stop when they need it?”  Meanwhile they’ll be destroying teams and look like they’re not trying.
Fantastic product Adam Silver has cultivated.  This player movement era has made things more exciting than ever
It's not like we broke any rules lol did it all fair and square
Holy crap I'd love for someone to make a parody of that "Adam Ruins Everything" series with "Kevin Ruins Everything" showing him surrounded by All-Stars in multiple jerseys.
And 8 assists. That man can throw some absolute laser beam passes
Facts. Plus with the talent on the Nets it’ll open the floor up and they’ll get some of the easiest looks they’ve seen in their careers, not to mention they have their sights on a ring so they’re as enthusiastic as they’ll ever be. If they buy into their roles the Nets will be OP. Shit’s fucked..
true

washed up superstar/allstar > regular role players
I'd say it was because of injured players being out... but... nah we've been like that all year.
TLC’s 3s?


He’s taking the Nets to the top, how are you just gonna leave him open??
What happened to the imploding disaster this whole sub said was inevitable?
they big mad
GG Nets! Y'all some scary hours up here
It looks like none but the Warriors dynasty was over before a lot of people thought it would so its not like the league is over for years.
Since all the way back in.........2017
Cause KD was out for 23 straight games and harden has single handedly won us games while kyrie was also out. Harden completely runs our team when he’s on the floor. He is the most valuable player for the first seed in the east
Yall were the super team.... lol
Username checks out
7
Cry more
The league has always had parity issues.

In the '80s it was mostly the Lakers and Celtics trading championships. 

In the '90s it was the Bulls aside from Jordan's two seasons off when the Rockets won back-to-back.

Then it was the Spurs and the Lakers trading championships.

A total of 8 franchises won all of the championships from 1980 through 2010 (if you consider 2010-2011 the start of the "superteam era").
In my heart I agree with you, but what can be realistically done to fix it?
Sorry the process didn’t work out for you. Sorry Marks did it the right way and your old GM disgraced the game.
Lol
i wish I had a great team to root for like you do :/
making East coast finals will be good for philly 4Head
BI, their best offensive player, Josh Hart, their best defensive player
I was a big fan in the 90s but not so much anymore
He won't play over TJ or Shamet I'd they are healthy.
he's got some dirt on somebody, guarantee he plays about 18 mpg in playoffs
They played great, but also the Pelicans without a lot of their rotation players are probably the worst defensive team in the league, everyone but TLC scored at will. TLC shot like 15% from the field while everyone else shot 50%+ from both the field and the 3pt line lmao.
the turnover on the first touch was him recalibrating after finally leaving the time chamber
Let’s make sure our man’s is healthy first
He also took a charge from Zion. Dude ain't worried about injuries at all lol
people forget he was destroying Toronto on a bad leg til his achilles popped ---- man is like our age's Pistol Pete or Dr J ---- the lore wont do justice unless you were seeing it unfold yourself
This is some absolute 2k shit.
He's the best player in the NBA now probably. Unless LeBron refuses to acknowledge Father Time still.
Just saw your comment my bad🤦🏻‍♂️
He wkept getting open looks, and he played a lot in garbage time.
if Nick Wright got you excited to watching him he already won lmao
Cheez would have had a double double too. He bricked so many dimes from him
I know this is a joke but it's his initials lol
he's chasing those waterfalls
He's a very solid defender when he has the motivation to actually try on defense.
i've been picking up on that as well. he seems to be very comfortable in the schemes they've been running, using quick hands, and gets timely help from teammates. interesting to watch.
Yup. I think a lot of their defensive energy comes from him. 

Dude is literally everywhere making stuff happen and just being an all around pest.
We do have some injuries right now, Shamet, Tyler Johnson, and Harden are all out. But yeah TLC is woof this year.
Oh yeah the whole "Nets bad defense " narrative is overblown. They execute their switch everything scheme pretty well and have been an average/slightly below average defense for a while now. They just gave 0 shits before this 22-4 run that they're currently on
I mean uyou do have the 25th defense in the league but it's getting better
I think it was literally 10. If not 10 then 9
Who cares if the washed out LaMarcus Aldridge can come in and score 22pts, he has no defense. Did you see how Steven Adams dropped 40pts on his ass? 


/s
better than the tanking era for sure.
? I mean you guys definitely have a shot. Embiid, Simmons, Tobi, Danny Green, Dwight, & Seth is a hell of a lineup on both ends.
The NBA would have been better if KD had left the league in 2017 rather than join the Warriors. The 2017 league without KD would've had the Cavs, Spurs, Rockets, Warriors, Clippers, and more all fighting for a title. It would've been competitive (the whole point of watching sports). Instead the KD Warriors were like putting an NBA team in the G-League.  
  
How many other superstars can you say that about? That the league would be better without them
Blame LeBron.
It's KD not Adam Silver. His Name is Kevin DurCantWinWithOutaSuperTeam.
Yeah. The system's broke, is all.
Lakers didn't break any rules either in getting Chris Paul but that didn't stop Stern.
KD, Harden, and Kyrie are already enough as it is. They also have the #1 3 point shooter in Joe Harris right now. But then they also  have LMA, Griffin, DJ, Green, Brown, Shamet, etc. Then they also have Dinwiddie, who was averaging 21/7 last year for the Nets recovering from an ACL surgery, who will be with them next year. 

On paper, this team is more stacked than the KD Warriors from top to bottom. If it was not in a weird pandemic year, and if the roster was fully healthy, their record would be much better than what it is right now. I can't believe people even think other teams have a shot at beating this team in a Finals series.
This entire sub is in your head lol. As if people weren’t calling the nets a super team
that's true.

the league lucked out, on that Draymond-KD game.
Warriors?
So he's MVP based on a third of the season? Ok.
>kyrie is glass, kd is suspect and harden is an ironman

it was LeBron and AD. 2 super star duo doesn't make a super team. Before last season started there were people literally debating on which teams have the best duo and the clipper were favs to come out of the west. Lakers made it look like their were the superteam. Major difference between 2016-2017 Warriors superteazm or this net's superteam.
No they weren’t. They had 2 superstars and some decent supporting players. The Nets have 3 superstars, and still better supporting players (Jordan and Harris) and depth than the Lakers.
Lakers aren't a superteam.
No one on this sub was alive at any time where 1-2 teams weren't supremely dominant over all others. The last 3 years have had the most parity in decades.
Parity will ALWAYS be an issue in the NBA because a superstar can drag teams to wins even more than and NFL QB can.
Zion is their best offensive player. BI's main problem is that he hasn't realized it yet. Long Boi Reaper is their most versatile offensive threat though.  
But don't let the lack of BI and Hart-man distract you from the fact that Pelicans just suck.
I truly hope not but nash seems to love TLC
Meth Curry going from a peripheral member of a bubble Nets roster thrown together at the last minute, to a rotation player on this year’s team is so impressive.
If the first thing you think in regards to beating a team is "hey they might get injured" you're already doomed
Overturned on review but it was good to see the effort on D
Father Time can do both of them dirty, but I trust both of them to be top 2 for another year or two tho

Basically yeah Lebron is still the best,
I remember listening to all the Celtics fans who thought the middle schooler known as Isaiah Thomas was just as good of a defender as Kyrie, and how 5'11" Kemba would definitely be an improvement.
I keep forgetting Shamet is injured bc there’s a guy on the nets that kind of looks like him. chiozza I think?
Just imagine getting 35 Harden minutes instead of scrub minutes... Fucking insane.
If they're just below average on defense they're going to dominate everybody come playoff time.
16th since the all-star break, that’s all that matters
11
put some respect on Tony Wroten’s name please
I disagree so much with this statement. First off, we're comparing two different parts of the league when comparing the tanking era and the superteam(read: Kevin Durant) era. The former involves a handful of teams racing to the bottom. Who really cares if a team tries to lose and wins 10, or if they try to win and win 20? They're trash in both scenarios. There's very little entertainment value in watching the bottom teams of the league compared to the top teams. They don't have the stars and they don't have the highlights.  
  
The latter involves the teams everyone cares about, the teams competing for a title. These are the teams that really matter for an individual season. They have the best players, best coaches, best games, and are actually in the playoffs. Disrupting the balance between these teams is far more damaging to the league than a few shitty teams becoming really shitty teams. When KD joined the Warriors (and now looking it's like the Nets might be their 2nd coming) he completely ruined every other teams' chances at winning the title. The Warriors were foregone champions barring injuries. It ruined how entertaining the league was. It hasn't come close to that 2016 season ever since.  
It is not better "for sure".
Plenty of teams are tanking. And more teams than ever sitting healthy players so they can lose games
If the Sixers beat the Nets in a 7 game series it will be such an upset Brooklyn should have to disband by order of the commissioner.  Frankly this team losing in the playoffs would be one of the biggest chokes in the history of sports
Funny cause KD is in charge of signing FA
Unfortunately the league doesn't own the Rockets like it did the Hornets back then.
idk why people continue to cite this example despite the fact that it was an extremely unique circumstance lmao
No one said it was a superteam when the trade first happened. Let's not rewrite history. They acted like it was a given that it wouldn't work
Also injuries can just ravage a core as seen by the Klay and Steph injuries.
No the Hornets
He  played 8 games in Houston. Everything after that he’s been the most valuable player on a consistent top 2 seed in the east. Dunno where your getting a third of the season from
Better supporting players and of all players you namedrop deandre jorden lmao...
Jordan is washed, they've cut his minutes completely since Lemarcus was signed. Blake Griffin off the bench has provided the insane depth, with the 0.69 effectiveFG %
Big markets have a huge advantage in gaining those superstars though, places like Indiana remain competitive but can’t get over the hump cause their players keep leaving to big markets.
Makes sense. A dude can have a bigger impact on a 5v5 court as opposed to an NFL game lmao. 

Superstars also remain on the court at all times, while a QB has no control over how the defense performs at all.
warriors lost to the raptors due to this very fact

klay was an ironman and kd was relatively healthy

kyrie is glass, kd is suspect and harden is an ironman

kd and harden probably evenly matched with a full strength lakers squad, they need all 3 to 4-2, i think it goes 7 without kyrie/forget if harden/kd are out
If the first thing you think about your team is "god, let them be healthy once in a Fucking while" that team is already fucked

The higher usage rate they will have in the playoffs will very likely reaggravate and cripple the Nets
funny you say that because every time Marv Albert is commentating one of our games he will confuse the two without fail
actually thought he was gonna be a beast.
Yeah I was mostly just taking a jab at the Philly fan.
not like the sixers did. that was an embarassment to the entire league.
When healthy* tbh the team with some unlucky injuries could end up like the big 3 celtics. Taking home 1 title but underperforming their potential.
:) Yeah I don't really see them losing but seeing as the NBA has turned into the basketball equivalent of the Cold War...between the assets stacked up between the Bucks and you guys the Nets just don't seem as broken as the Warriors idk tho
I'll give you guys this. I don't see us stopping Embiid if he's fully healthy. We can only hope to outscore you.
It completely depends on who we’re playing. Losing to Lebron or The Clips wouldn’t be “the biggest choke in NBA history”
If nets are healthy sure
I think BKN can only get better next year even if they lose this year but 76ers can still give them a hard time, maybe even upset.
he did help convince Harden to force a trade there, so yes, KD was involved in this process.
Because why try to make a genuine argument when you can twist/misremember history instead?
Which trade? When harden got traded to the nets plenty were saying they were easy finals favourites and they were the best team in the league. Which they are
Because when he's on the court with Kyrie and KD - but especially KD - his value to his team simply isn't as great as someone like Jokic.

Harden will be the 2nd or 3rd best player on his team more often than not if KD remains healthy.
Oops, I thought he was still good.
I mean this is out there but like

reduce big market incentives for these dudes. if everyone is flocking to LA, lower their salary cap or something. it's basically the law of inertia: big markets have external unbalanced forces like endorsement deals and whatnot to make those locations more glamorous. the league owes it to the small markets to at least level the playing field.
KD, Kyrie, Harden, Harris can all shoot lights out from 3.

Then you have LMA/Blake too.
5 finals in a row will do that to your body
Durant is really the key. I think without Harden or Kyrie they might still be able to pull off a 7-game sweep of anyone. Without Durant they're beatable though.
COPE. they will  be fine by the playoffs and during. Just watch
I missed that but I guarantee a decent number of the people who upvoted your comment genuinely believe that the league is better today than it was 5-10 years ago.
Bro if we would've managed that 6-76ers season instead of that contender 10 win BS, jordan would've been forgotten in time.
Good thing the nba took over to prevent the sixers from embarrassing the league!

oh wait the guy they put in charge hired his own son and then immediately left?  oh no

then that guy leaked team secrets all over social media and resigned in disgrace in one of the biggest nba scandals ever?  Woopsie daisy!  Could have happened to anyone.
i'm guessing you were a heat fan at the time
Yup, just like with the KD Warriors injuries are the only thing that can make this league interesting again.  Which sounds dark but it’s frankly the truth.  Injuries are the only reason that Warriors team didn’t sleepwalk into the most predictable three peat in sports history
It absolutely would be, neither of the teams you just mentioned has firepower even close to the Nets with their three top-10 offensive players in the entire league plus a bench of former-All-Star ring-chasers. Make no mistake, there is no scenario where y'all don't win it all that it won't be embarrassing as fuck.
In the end it’s Harden’s decision? Funny coming from a team that had Draymond recruit KD from a parking lot, which was KD’s decision just as well.
Good player wants other good player to join him so they can win

More breaking news at 11.
As good as kyrie is harden is constantly better. While isnt harden isn’t as valuable to his team as jokic is he’s still the most valuable player. We also have a better record than the nuggets. I personally think jokic is MVP but to say harden shouldn’t be considered for it at all is completely silly
>Because when he's on the court with Kyrie and KD

pray tell me how many times that has happened

Harden is by far the most consistent guy this year on the year every night. Kyrie takes some days off, sometimes he's injured, Durant has been injured for a major chunk of the season so far too.
Higher cost of living and higher taxes exist to disincentivize large markets already.
Idk man, kyrie and harden have been balling out too. I still think they make it to the finals without one of them but idk if theyd win
If Kyrie decides it's time to show he's the man and starts chucking like he did against us 2 years ago when he shot you out that the series against us that could also make things interesting.  Having arguably the best collection of offensive talent in history only for it to be underutilized due to ego tripping would certainly be fun to witness
lmao been a nets fan since JKidd and am thoroughly enjoying everyone crying about how unfair our team is now.
At this point I’m sure we’re favored but in no way would this be the “biggest choke in sports history” like the other guy was saying. We have 3 all-stars and if we lost to Clips/ Lakers/ Utah/ Suns/ Sixers We would be losing to a team with 2 other all-stars. 

Heatles had 3 all-stars and lost to a team with 1. And that was only 10 years ago. 

It would be an upset. But not the biggest of all time by any means.
I'm not saying it's immoral or bad for KD to want players to join him - most stars would. but the person I was replying to insinuated KD had no input in those events.
The comment you're talking about specifically said "**one of** the biggest chokes in the history of sports," not the definitive top of the list. 

And he's absolutely right. The Heatles didn't have the scoring power or sheer talent coming off the bench that the Nets do right now, and a choke at any point in the playoffs by BKN for any reason other than serious injury to one of the Big 3 (and I sincerely hope that doesn't happen) would easily cement them as one of the biggest disappointments in modern American sports history.
2 superstars 1 all star unless you count Kyrie as a superstar tier
And I’m saying the opponent matters. If we lose to the Lakers in 6-7 no one will call that “one of the biggest chokes in sports history”. Losing to the reigning champs isn’t a choke. If we lost to the Clippers in 6-7 no one would call it that either. 

There are scenarios in which it could be a big choke job for sure. But not “any loss in the playoffs”. 

Even if we lose to you guys in 6-7 in ECF that wouldn’t be considered insane if it was a good series. Our records are comparable. 

Not to mention KD, KAI, Harden will have only played like 10-15 games together when the playoffs hit. We also only assembled this final team like a week ago. 

Like a I said, we’re probably favored, and there are certain scenarios that would be embarrassing but definitely not “any loss”.
Excited to see these two teams play at full strength when KD and Brown come back
There are 3 eternal truths in life

1.	Death
2.	Taxes
3.	The Boston Celtics leaving Kyrie Irving open in transition
I don’t watch the Celtics much but every game they play it seems one of Tatum, Brown, and Kemba is bricking everything
This game was super fun till you realized the Nets had Kevin fucking Durant just chilling on the bench.
Anyone team that can beat the Nets 4 times out of 7 deserves a Championship
Not a great shooting night for Joe Harris,but luckily Landry "Spare Joe Harris" Shammet was there to cover for him.I think more teams should try having spare great 3PT shooters.
[deleted]
Being good and able to close out is a nice feeling.
Wtffff when KD comes back it's wraps
Kyrie Irving.

 Also shoutout to Shamet
Kyrie 40 on 15/23.
They really just kept panning to Blake all game on the bench like they were gonna put him in
Tough fucking game. Still waiting for all of Tatum, Kemba, and Brown to have a good night at the same time. *So* glad to have Smart back, though.
The Nets are just too damn good
In the Nets first game game Celtics Kyrie had 37 points, this game he now has 40, He definitely try hards when he plays the Celtics lol, and I fucking love it
We won the PP KG trade cuz it brought us Daddy Marks.
What on earth is your username...
Man I hate kyrie so much. When I say that it’s not like a personal thing or even anything he did. But just how incredibly good he is at basketball. 

If Hayward doesn’t shatter his leg that 2018 team might’ve been something really special and who knows where this team is now. Just makes me sad to think about, the butterfly effect is real.
You're a Nets fan, there is quite literally nothing you can say that will affect me because I know anything that we do wrong still makes us better than the Nets. Never will anything ever make me say "damn, I wish we were like the Nets". You are the laughing stock of the NBA and this bitterness you have towards the Celtics and its fans is extremely sad to watch. "Fuck the Celtics" being your initial response to a Randy fucking Foye buzzer beater win shows just how rent-free the Celtics are in your head. You're like an old ex-boyfriend gone alcoholic who still hasn't gotten over a break-up from years back and shows up at Christmas parties uninvited just to insult her new BF. You could move on with life, meet new people, get a nice job, put down the booze, etc., but you'd rather keep looking back in the past.

Being a Nets fan is the real-life equivalent of being a homeless heroin addict. You are there to be laughed at and pitied by others, there is no alternate timeline where you somehow end up okay as you have literally nothing to be positive about in your future except the rare chance you get to insult the Celtics, a franchise that will forever be infinitely better and more respectable than yours. "Go back to dismissing Jae Crowder for Jimmy Butler" even though no one has ever said no to that trade as well as "go back to the second round" would be somewhat understandable coming from a Cavs or Warriors fan, but a motherfucking Nets fan? I could take a shit down the drain and still be more optimistic about its future.

Go back to irrelevance and entertaining Celtics fans some more. Giddy up.
Are there really people out there thst believe that this team with KD won't be the fucking champs ?
Are these post-game Brooklyn chants even real people?
Kyrie and Harden are surprisingly a great duo. Both are really unselfish with each other which is honest super surprising to me.
Two good teams in the eastern conference played some good basketball tonight.
I’ve missed those Brooklyn chants.
Everyone: bullying doesn’t work

Nets fans: did you see Landry shamet tonight
Remember the Kemba > Kyrie takes last season lmfao
Kyrie could not be stopped tonight
Kemba was tough to watch tonight man. He hit some jump shots early but he has no burst at all. Not doing a good job of picking his spots either. 

If you're gonna beat the Nets, you better really bring it offensively. This team is scoring 115 on off nights. It's ridiculous.
One of the rare times I rooted for the Celtics and of course they don’t win.
I love this team.
Brooklyn won without KD and despite Harden and Harris having below subpar games.
Jaylen killed us.
Nets are insane.

I swear every time we got it within 3 or points the Nets would hit a 3
Kyrie just went crazy in the 4th holy fuck
[The Brooklyn Nets Win!](https://streamable.com/wm4jcr)



https://streamable.com/wm4jcr

Was nice to hear a real human, not-recorded, Brooklyn chant there at Barclays!  

Nets pulling this off against a tough Celtics team while not all playing that well and missing KD and others is another good omen as we begin this 2nd half of the season!



*Let's Go Nets!*

**BROOKLYN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**
Where are the Kemba >>> Kyrie peeps now lmao. I don’t wanna hear any more Kyrie slander from Celtics fans after this shooting night
 Championship
Jayson Tatum looks to his friend Kyrie. He has James Harden, one of the greatest players in NBA history.

Jayson Tatum looks back. Jaylen Brown. 5/23, 4 turnovers.

Get Tatum more help!
remember when people said the Celtics matched up best with the Nets? Lmao
Kyrie's good
 "but Kemba increases team chemistry"
Jaylen Brown bro 😭
Shitpost of a game
Havent been this proud of my team since 2002.
Tatum and Brown - 3 FT attempts, 45 shots, 76 minutes.  They really need to be taking a more aggressive shot selection.
When the Celtics learn to attack rather than huck up threes all game when we have no pure three points shooters we’ll be a good team
Kyrie dominating this game is just *chefs kiss*
Kemba is legit about to retire before Bron lmao. He’s knees are falling apart.
We got alot of depth, alot of contribution from alot of players!
Man, this shit feels good af.
Phenomenal game from Kyrie

The celtics started off so good too. They just had too many bricks
If only Jayson Tatum had a subway sub that would help put points on the board
"Locker room cancer" Kyrie daps up his old teammates. You love to see it. 

Hope y'all enjoying the Kemba experience.
Kemba and Brown a combined 10/35 with 24 points. Tatum needs some help. Danny better use that TPE soon. The Celtics have like 7 guys that are too young, raw and unplayable.
ugh, another frustrating celtics loss.
[deleted]
Damnit Boston! Y’all were supposed to win! Useless I tell you.
So I’ve been wanting to start catching games more often. What is the most cost efficient way? I want to watch the nets, big matchups and playoffs
Boston just doesn't have the talent to compete with Brooklyn even without KD.

I'd argue that Brooklyn's depth is actually better too.
Wtf was this game
This nets team is better than the KD warriors. 

The warriors were an obvious step down when Durant would miss games. Nets look like they don’t miss a beat without him
Jaylen had an assss game. Glad to see Smart doing well fresh out the gate tho. Hoping we have at least 1 game with our stars both doing well.
Wait until they get pj tucker
Can we just end the season already and give the trophy to the Nets then just move on
That’s the most harden-bad-shooting-night statline. 6 shots made, only 1 3pt but still scored 22 points.
Damn all those assets are paying off huh 😝😝😝
Jaylen's really regressed to the mean, hasn't he? 5-23, yikes.
I swear to God if Danny Ainge doesn't make any moves for some depth by the trade deadline then I'm going to find Danny and force him to eat a whole jar of sweet pickles at gunpoint.
The Celtics need more real NBA players. Their bench got demolished.
Oh cool a game thread, is it starting soon?
# LMFAOOOOOO
Ainge better use that trade exception... This is barely a playoff team.
[deleted]
Gotta love watching Jaylen run with the bench scrubs that wouldn’t even get minutes on the other team to start the fourth quarter meanwhile the only guy consistently hitting shots, Jayson, sits on the bench, as we go down double digits.

Then Jayson comes in and immediately makes two beautiful shots and cuts the lead to like five drawing a double team also to lead to an easy bucket. What do we do after that you may be asking? Give the ball to Jaylen Brown, and Kemba for a few plays, but mostly Jaylen Brown to miss shot after shot and turn it over, over and over again. I know what your thinking, genius game plan by Brad because then he lets Tatum loose the last two minutes so you can go crazy? Nah. Instead we give it to the guy living on Antarctica over there.

Great game plan Brad, very inspirational.

Also, would like to here your opinions. Do you think Silver comes up to Brad before every game and tells him if he uses his challenge Adam will kill a puppy?

None of that really matters tho. Still fun to watch because we had a couple good scores off of in bounds plays.

On a serious note, every game Marcus Smart plays he moves up on my favorite players of all time list (well mostly every game). Glad he is back.
lmao that play by Brown. Just lazily dribbles the ball down the court and tosses it away for no reason. What a loser.
I cannot wait for this Nets team to not win a Finals
This Nets team sucks for parity in the east smh
Bruh Kemba is so ass what the hell happened to him?!?
[deleted]
Whenever people ask me about overrated nba players, I say jayson Tatum
Ouch
Punches self in the head.

Joe Rogan: He’s hurt!
ruthless lmao
Bruce Brown played wdym
And Griffin
Both Browns Mia lol
Hot take: trade Brown, after a hot start he's been mid-to-whatever tf tonight was
Celtics were healthy
They actually also like to leave Shamet and Harris open as well. Thats why they ~~won~~ lost this game
You underestimate how many guys we like to leave open. Danilo Gallinari would like to have a word. Saddiq Bey has some highlights to show you. 

It's nothing personal to Kyrie, we just fucking suck at defense this year. We let someone score 30 basically every game, and it's not just the stars that do it.
You are correct sir
Kemba was recovery from injury to start the season, Tatum was battling the effects of covid for a while. Brown has been our most consistent performer and had an off night. The frustrating thing about this team is they love winning the hard way. Contested 3s? Yes. Fade away jumpers? Give me some of that. Freethrows? Get that shit away from me. Running nothing but isos to close out a game? That’s the vibe right there.
It’s very much “your turn, my turn” basketball which ironically is what everyone was saying you guys would be.
They aren’t that good at creating easy shots. Too many shots end up contested threes it seems like. Especially compared to the Nets who were creating easy looks for fun.
which also happens to be the reason I don’t watch them much
It's kinda the truth. Part of it is just that Kemba was rough when he first came back, and then Tatum's been pretty obviously gassed and feeling COVID aftereffects lately, but that doesn't explain why Jaylen's been so inconsistent lately when he was red-hot to start the season. I think Smart coming back is huge for us— yeah, he's our glue guy, and he means a lot to our defense, but with Hayward gone he's *also* our best playmaker on a team that is near the bottom of the league in assists. We need easy offense, and without him we don't do very well creating it.
This is so accurate it hurts
so true
Kemba is bricking everything no matter the game lol. Especially if it’s postseason
Yeah well same with Tacko.
Mom I’m scared
That’s been every game with the Nets recently. 

You think it’s a fun game and then you see Kevin Durant on the sidelines waiting like the final boss.
Real talk lmao
Cavs and Wizards are both 2-0 against them. Throw us in the 8th seed and let’s see that upset
I’m hoping by some miracle that both we hold onto the 1-seed and the Wizards can snag the 7th seed because for whatever reason, they play great against the Nets, even at full strength. Plus, that would be an entertaining first round series to watch.
My sources say this might be true
No team will. Might as well just call it for the nets.
*ThE NeTs HaVe No DePtH*
I'm just gonna laugh if Kevin Love gets bought out and goes to you guys.
I think they’ve really surpassed expectations with how they’ve been playing. Obviously they were gonna be getting buckets but the ball movement and fun that they have is just amazing to watch. Plus each of the big 3 can just pull the dumbest shit out of their ass at any moment.
Just wait when KD comes back. Scary.
Father I had to confess: "I've been watching the Nets since they signed Harden and they're my favorite team in East."

yeah, yeah. I know...
IMO a more fun team to watch than the 73-9 Warriors. Incredible that a team managed to get Kyrie, KD, and Harden all together.
Truth



wise words
Shamet was a great get, he will have high and low nights but he is still a major plus asset to the team.
Is it possible Kyrie actually hates Boston more than Lebron
Had more FGM than Kemba had points
Hopefully we're done with Boston fans saying Kyrie is afraid to face his old teams

Just another day for him
It was the sweater
Its like they were saying we still got this dude.
Nets defense was just too good
That will never happen. Tatum is on 6/10, Kemba is on 2/10 and Brown is on 3/10 (recently 0/10). Add those percentages together and you’d get about 3 games out of 82 where they’d all be on at the same time. Factor in that Kemba is out for about a quarter of the season and it’s highly unlikely the Celtics will ever have a game where all 3 have stellar performances on the same night
Give me: "Things I would have never expected to hear 5 years ago."
Just give them the ring already.
40 bruh
You waited almost a decade. 

Enjoy the team you have now. This is something special that won’t happen again in Brooklyn, or maybe ever lol. Can’t wait to see Blake have a resurgence.
It's heaven, my friend. Can you give to the cause?
Don't kink shame bb
And if kyrie didn't get injured before the playoffs. Think of where that team is going
It's honestly silly how good Kyrie is. He'll always be a blast  to watch.
we were honesty so stacked that year, and one of the best benches too. those injuries had to be bad karma from the isaiah trade or something
how long have you been sitting on this lol
A bit off topic, but you gotta be a top-tier asshole to laugh at a homeless heroin addict just for existing.
LMAO Celtics fans used to be bold as hell with us. I know whoever commented that is hurtin bad
Delicious carbonara right here
Damn where this come from?? Lol
Watching the Lakers *and* the Nets win rings before the Celtics will be one of the funniest things I ever witness in my life, and it's entirely because of shit like this
Came here to say this
Why are you writing a dissertation on r/nba
still cant believe we took like 15 picks off you and youre still gonna win a chip before us
Put a baby in me
I mean, you do have a good point. But you're the one who fleeced us, we have a right to at least taunt you about us somehow rebounding from that. If we lose to you, you can make fun of the "failure of a franchise" all you want.

&#x200B;

also, did someone on the Nets sleep with your wife? because the genuine anger is radiating from you rn lol.
Sir, this is a Wendy’s...
Is this a pasta im not aware of?
> You're like an old ex-boyfriend gone alcoholic who still hasn't gotten over a break-up from years back

Dont say these things
I know this is a pro-Nets thread but I mean yeah. It can happen, just like the 2011 Heat. They're def heavy favorite though.
And I thought Clippers were the faves going into the championship, and no offence but it didn’t happen. You can’t just perfectly predict the playoffs, but yeah they are at least favourites coming out of the east
A lot of it depends on health, pretty much all the doubt comes from that. At full strength, no team in the league is beating the Nets.
LaKeRs In Fo 

LeShannonSharpe.jpg
I admit I was one of the fools who said the following:

1. kyrie will ruin the locker room
2. there's only one ball
3. they have no defense

But now they fend off a full strength celtics with KD chilling. The finals should be insane no matter who comes out of the west.
Are there really people out there who forgot LBJxAD is a thing?
Lakers in 6 honestly
Healthy Lakers over the nets as long as the nets aren’t able to get a competent big man. Lakers can turn into a top five offense in the playoffs but I don’t see the nets becoming a good enough defense
If the Nugs can somehow get a real 2nd star for Murray i'd put them up there, otherwise the Clippers vs these Nets would be an absolute dream final
Yall better be praying he actually comes back.
Eastern conference champs, yes. I think a healthy Lakers team can beat them but I hate this superteam and how it was assembled smh
It's all me. From my living room
brooklyns had fans for a few games now I think
They weren't earlier in the season but they have small crowds again since last month and that one sounded real (as in, more drunk and less clear than the pre-recorded one lol)
Harden has never been a selfish player. He’s perfectly willing to cede control when one of his teammates is hot.
Why is literally everyone surprised that Kyrie’s playing great next to another ball dominant player, he literally won a championship with LeBron James lmao.
I think the term selfish is overused. They are ball dominant but have never been selfish. They’ve had to be ball dominant to give their teams a better chance because that’s how good they are. It’s not “I have to get all the points for the stats. “ It’s more “I have to get all the points because my teammates aren’t making anything ”
Thanks Magic.
Think it was more about “fit” than skill. Still kind of a sucky take seeing kemba isn’t fitting it well.
He had 9 in the first q and I was worried, then laughed as he scored 2 points the rest of the night
Pro tip: don't root for the Celtics in 2021
Must be nice to have a big market where superstars just fight to be there.
I'm pretty happy with the fact that Harris going 3 for 9 from three and Harden dropping 22-10-8 is considered "below subpar"
This definitely hasn't been his month
Worst game he's had in a couple of years
2nd best three point shooting team in the league. Our best 3pt even had an off night (Harris was 3 for 9 from 3pt)
That good halftime sage kicked in.
Just waiting for you guys to come out the east is so lame lol
No Celtic fans think he’s bad at basketball, we just don’t like the fact he said he was re-signing and wanted his jersey retired here and then left.
i don't think people actually thought kemba was a better player (tho i wouldn't put it past some of us) but he definitely seemed like a better choice for the team. everyone including kyrie himself admits kyrie + boston just didnt work out. statistically we even ended up playing better when he was injured. kemba + boston prior to 2021 was actually alright tho.
Very few people were saying Kyrie was bad at basketball. We called him out for playing like liquid ass in the playoffs and for being a terrible locker room fit that killed team chemistry, both of which I’ll still stand by. That’s not even an opinion, he was objectively awful and checked out in that series.

Everyone knows he can light teams up in low stakes regular season games. If/when the Nets actually face some adversity (they clearly didn’t tonight), we’ll see if he’s matured or if he’ll fail to step up yet again. Or they’ll just cruise to a championship and we’ll never know
Kyrie is an antisemitic nut job, how's that for slander
> Jayson Tatum looks back. Jaylen Brown. 5/23, 4 turnovers.
> 
> Get Tatum more help!

Imagine a scenario where a team could have potentially traded said player in a package for "one of the greatest players in NBA history"
tbf harden wasnt that great tn. He wasnt as bad as brown but this was one of his worst games as a net.
'his smiles🥵'
Tatum is too busy taking side step/back step 3's
lmao
This Celtics team won’t get through philly or the bucks either lol
I mean it was a 2 pt game with 3 min left and the nets bench shot 70% from 3. We definitely have the talent to at the very least compete without Durant. With Durant we are out of our league.
Nets look scurry even without KD
Let’s not go that far... yet
nah not yet. That warriors team was goated. Nets are close though. They are very very good and all these wierdos saying shit like "tErRiBlE DeFeNse" is just copium lol. The d aint that bad ethier
Better on offense, have better spacing than a team relying on Draymond and Iguodola, But I think the Warriors had a gear defensively in the playoffs that I doubt these Nets can get close to.
Holy fuck you guys are crazy

Maybe a bit better on offense sure

But LEAGUES ahead in defense, they were what, #1 or #2 defensively in the post season? The 2017-18 Warriors can't be compared to any team in history
Offensively yes, but Nets he no where near the defenders they had --Klay, Iggy, Drayton.  Literally a bunch of all nba defense players
This Nets team is not the greatest team of all time, what a hot take. 

They haven't even won a playoff game yet.
Yes, a bad game means he very much so regressed. Fire up the trade machine, anyone not named Jayson and Marcus is gone!
More like Shamet just decided to go nuclear, little Fredo-lookin ass motherfucker
Assuming y’all hold on to your lead, we still have the same record as yall.
At his best he is a top 10 player

At his worst he is a headache that'll ruin a team though if Nets stay healthy he'll have to go full migraine mode
I can taste the salt
Hey that’s not very nice
i know a lakers fan isnt talking about league parity. My eyes must be decieving me
He wasn’t really bad at all.

He actually even played ok defense.

He just got iced out the game after his hot start, didn’t give him the ball.
Then maybe those people should ask someone who knows wtf they’re talking about.
I don’t know why anyone would ask you anything tbh you already sound like a fucking idiot.
Owie
He's hurt!!!! Lmao
Beautiful champ
I think that’s just a shitty take homie
Hotter take: Don't trade 24 year old all stars
Plot twist. He was talking about Bruce Brown.
Jb had a rough game, that was the joke
Did we not watch the same game? Jaylen Brown clearly was not there.
It just made no fucking sense. Like, there’s 9 on the shot clock, Harden is getting ready to iso at fucking 40 feet away from the basket and suddenly we sent a double towards him. Then he finds Shamet wide open for 3. 

Then we do it again next possession, this time Green or Harris or Johnson. Why tf were we doubling the ball handler at damn near half court?
Hiyoo!
I didn’t see it much this game but boy was throwing their lead by iso’ing it away was their bread and butter last year.
This is 100% it. We're near the bottom of the league in assists. We need more playmaking on this roster, whether it's improvement from Tatum/Brown or another guy who can pass.
Kemba has been great the last 10 games.
Damn, this man makes a good point.
Only 1 ball. Kyrie was dominating the game. Didn’t really need KD. What was scary is that harden dropped 22 while only making 1 three and going 6/16. KD wouldn’t shoot that bad, so maybe that is scary when he’s back. Damn. 

I love kemba but we really need cardiac kemba to show up to compete with these guys.
The East has no shot man, Kyrie and Harden are already farming those fools without quite literally the 2nd best player in the league. You could argue that it would shift the way the team play when such a big player cameback, but KD is the player that can fit seamlessly in any situation.

I like Philadelphia and Embiid, but Joel ain't KD and pairing Kevin up with Harden and Kyrie is just 120 points waiting to happen every night. I'm honestly praying that Giannis can figure it out in the postseason and that whomever comes out of the West can compete.
Just combine the two teams to create the ultimate Net-killers: the Cleveington Cavizards
But then they'd play the 76ers!
Both teams played the nets when they were still figuring it out. This is a different team
Russ becomes super saiyan
Imagine if Spencer was healthy
Is there any realistic moves yall could make to get better on D though? I really wanna see Harden win a chip
AND yall are playing some decent enough defense. Scary as fuck
Hours.
Your a weird fan for sure my friend.
Only a heat fan could say that
With pretty solid depth as well
less defense, more offense
he was absolutely terrible in the beginnign of the year but since january hes been quite good.
Im more impressed with how he’s stepped it up on the defensive end.
Or he just don’t care
This season Kyrie’s put up 37 and 40 against them on 60%+ shooting in both games, prior to that his last games against the Celtics were in 2017 ECF where he averaged 26 a game on 62% shooting and 50% from 3 lmao, you might be on to something.
Makes sense, LeBron was something of a father figure to Kyrie
[deleted]
[deleted]
Who was saying this lol
That sentence is illegal in 43 states
Didn't expect this, but yeah the effort was there. When the 3s are falling it's plenty enough
They played solid defense, yeah, but we lost this game on Jaylen's 5-23.
not to get all math on you but their bad games are absolutely not randomly distributed, Kemba's been a lot more consistent lately and in general most players can find a rhythm for more than one game at a time
Thanks
Tastes like pennies!
We def would’ve knocked off the Cavs, that team was so bad besides Lebron. We would’ve had the pleasure of losing to GS in 4 (5 if we were on our A game).
We were one game away from greatness
Honestly he is amazing. He just makes the game look so good.
A looong time
Probably some kid with 0 life experience
Down horrendous lmao
It is so incredibly delicious that the Nets became contenders before the Celtics after the Billy King trade lol
I think we’re all fine lol
More like a copy pesto in here
A big mad Celtics fan
Chapter I: INTRODUCTION
The introduction describes the research problem or research question and lays out the
reasoning behind it. This reasoning is sometimes called a theoretical argument. It justifies
the study, in terms of a need for the information it will provide, in order to develop or test a
theory or to understand, explain, or further describe an educational phenomenon. Refer to
the APA manual for additional information about the introduction.
1. General description of the areas of concern – set the stage (3-4 paragraphs).
2. Significance of the Problem
a. Include explicit statement of significance specific to the topic studied.
b. Why is it important to conduct the study?
c. This section will probably not be very long but it should be very powerful!
d. What theoretical/practical reasons are there for wanting to know the answers to
the research questions?
3. Analyze the Theoretical Basis for the Study
a. The organization of the variables that will be considered to answer the research
questions likely will have a theoretical basis. Explicate how the most appropriate
theoretical perspective helps conceptualize the study. Competing theoretical
perspectives should be analyzed in Chapter 2 Literature Review.
b. Include theoretical definitions of important terms and all constructs (should not
include operational definitions that will appear in the methods section).
4. Synthesize and Critically Analyze the “Very Relevant Literature”
a. Make the argument for the dissertation using the “studies in the existing literature
that incorporate all the major variables or constructs that are present in the
proposed study” (Rudestam & Newton, 2001, p. 63). Figure 4.1 (Rudestam &
Newton, 2001, p. 64) provides a visual conceptualization of relevance of literature.
b. This may require examining the intersection of only a subset of variables and
repeating the process with another subset of variables because the literature does
not have all variables incorporated in extant research.

1
 This outline was adapted from the Dissertation Outline prepared by the Ball State University School Psychology
Program 
5. Problem Statement
a. State the purpose of the research explicitly and succinctly.
b. The introduction should lead up to and provide support for the problem statement.
6. Research Questions and Hypotheses
a. Ordinarily the researcher will have a few research questions, with a number of
hypotheses for each.
b. Do not operationalize variables in this section. Use theoretical questions and
hypotheses written in the language of constructs.
c. A research question should (a) be in the form of a question, (b) suggest a
relationship among constructs, and (c) be empirically testable.
d. Hypotheses are declarative statements written in the expected or predicted
direction (usually an alternate hypothesis). Such hypotheses are called research,
scientific, or theoretical hypotheses and are written in the present tense.
e. Example adapted from Rudestam & Newton (2001, pp. 67-68).
i. Research Question: How do adolescents with dyslexia cope with the
effects of their learning disabilities?
ii. Hypothesis 1: Adolescents with dyslexia who accept the diagnosis of
having a learning disability use more problem-focused coping strategies
than adolescents with dyslexia who reject or deny the diagnosis.
iii. Hypothesis 2: Adolescents with dyslexia who accept the diagnosis of
having a learning disability rely more on social support than adolescents
with dyslexia who reject or deny the diagnosis.
iv. Hypothesis 3: Adolescents with dyslexia who reject or deny the diagnosis
of having a learning disability use more avoidant coping strategies than
adolescents with dyslexia who accept the diagnosis.
v. Note how hypothesis 2 and 3 are worded so that the coping strategy
hypothesized matches the specific group. Also note that terms are not
operationalized here.
2
Chapter II: LITERATURE REVIEW
This chapter reviews what has already been written in the field on the topic of the research.
The literature cited should support the theoretical argument being made and demonstrate
that the author has a grasp of the major ideas and findings that pertain to his or h
check his flair, it's a copypasta
Nah but Kyrie can if he wants tbh
Man idk. This Nets team is not the same as that 2011 Heat team. I'm pretty sure this Nets team with healthy KD would beat any of the LeBron Heat teams in 5 games. The offensive potential of the nets is insane
Yeah. I think the team is looking like they’ll come out of the east, but it’s a stronger conference this year. 6ers scare the shit out of me
Crazy thing is.. if Ad comes back healthy, we probably still won’t be the favorites
Who would be the equivalent of the 2011 Mavs? A mediocre team dragged to a chip by an ageing player, cementing their legacy forever.

Dame Time?
They were contenders but favorites?
yeah, but I'm not crazy about the rest of the lakers' roster
3 stars > 2 stars
And the benches are even
 If the finals be Lakers nets i will support LeBron but I'm just realistic bro
That's true.

I think the Nets supporting cast is better than LA's though. They have better players on average *and* are more versatile.
They will try hard in the playoffs , and their offence with KD Irving harden and a 50% 3pt shooter can't be stopped , their defence already starts to improve , they don't concede 125-130 points per game any more
But who’s guarding Harden + Kyrie? KD is a guaranteed 30ppg at 60ts in the playoffs, Harden can do that easily too if he isn’t the only competent player on the floor.
I swear if fans come back to the stadiums and the Nets are in the finals, they better chant "Where Brooklyn at" loud af.
Because the users on this sub let their hate for players cloud their ability to actually see how good players are lol
The answer to this question is also the reason why  Kyrie  leaves  LeBron
Kemba got worse and Kyrie got better lmao.
Me too, I was preparing for the Kemba>Irving posts when Kyrie was cold and he hot. Pleased that it did not happen
Sean Marks has done a remarkable job with this team. 

I had to witness my home team get moved out of state, trade their future away for players well past their prime, be a bottom 5 team for several years without their own first round pick, and have devastating injuries to starters when it actually came together for the first time in almost 5 years. 

Going from that to now is nothing short miraculous, and this being in a big market excuse is nonsense. If that were really the case the Knicks would have actually gotten every free agent that has been linked to them within the last 10 years.
This is the first time any great player has actually wanted to play for the Nets, let alone three, let us have this.
Even Harden's subpar games are pretty good.  His 3 was off but he didn't take too many and his drives were solid and he got to the line so his efficiency was decent.  8 assists on 7 turn overs but he was constantly getting double teamed way out there and it gave the Nets a lot of easy buckets when he passed out of it.  

It doesn't look amazing on a stat sheet but watching the game you see that the Celtics threw everything at Harden just to slow him down and it gave the rest of the Nets easy buckets.
Harris going 3-9 is like a regular 3pt shooter going 1-6
The man cleansed the ability to miss from his body
He channeled his chi through his walking stick
we did face adversity when we lost to detroit and were faltering. then harden and kyrie go on to win their next 11 in a row where they play together without durant. 

And if ur saying kyrie hasnt showed up in the playoffs then well...
he can light a team up in the NBA finals too it seems as well. lol "Low stake"
Situation is different in Brooklyn. Kyrie now understand his position in the team and he seems to be genuinely happy with the people around him. Only thing that will hold him back now would be injuries
Are we talking about the same Kyrie that came back 3-1 down vs the 73-9 Warriors and had 41 points in a crucial game 5? The same one that hit one of the most clutch 3s ever?
He really living rent free in yall heads 😂
Shh, don't tell Green Teamers.
Yayyy kneejerk decisions
Not sure if you noticed, but Harden is playing with KD and Kyrie. If he was traded to celtics he’d be playing with Tatum and a bunch of bums. Don’t think we’d be much better
If Joel, Ben, Giannis and Khris all get injured before the playoffs, we have a shot
> We definitely have the talent to at the very least compete without Durant.

I honestly don't agree.  Harden is clearly the best player on the floor by a good margin.  

Brooklyn has 2 of the best 3 players on the court, again with Harden being the best.

Brooklyn's depth is probably better too.  

I just don't really see where Boston comes out on top, their defense isn't exactly great either and they don't have generational offensive players right now.
Scurry hours
no we never go that far. Warriors were the best Offenseive AND defensive team in the league. this team will be the best offense but a mediocre to bad offense.
pause.
no we're not. warriors were one of the best teams all time. I think we're in teh championship level team tier but not even close to that level. We're the #1 offensive team but average defense. The warriors were the #1 offense and defense.
Especially one that hasn't even won anything yet. If the Nets win the next 3 titles, that's when you start that type of talk. I refuse to take a title for granted, those things are hard to win.
yeah this is crazy. we arent close to the warriors. but damn we're rolling. we've 11 straight now where harden and kyrie play. our only loss in the last 12 was against the mavs without kyrie. Wins against suns, clips, lakers, warriors, celtics, spurs, pacers. feels good man.
Drayton
I meant that he regressed to the Jaylen Brown he was before the hot start to the season. Obviously that was never going to be sustainable.
Even nets fans are shocked
Yeah but it's more about *anybody* being able to do that.  They have at least 3-4 capable role players that could realistically drop 20 any given night.

Blake might even make that number 5.
Waluigi
After struggling to start the season well (mainly due to injuries and tired legs because of our nonexistent off-season) we've now won 8 of our last 9.

Miami is way better than current Boston.
Why are you eating salt?
I miss having all of their first round picks
Sorry, we try to keep those ones hidden away but sometimes they gnaw their cages open and go remind everyone why we are the most hated fanbase in the league
They still think they own the nets pick
his own star has been playing like utter doggie shit and hes mad at the nets haha
We don’t have a superteam and there’s parity in our conference. Nobody’s beating the Nets in the east because the Rockets gave into Harden’s whining
you'd be surprised at how often i get that question
You’d be surprised at how often I get that question
thats somehow a worse take
The logic is to trap Harden and force the ball out of his hands, and take your chances with someone like Shamet or Johnson beating you. 

Obviously it didn’t work but I can understand the reasoning to a degree, although Harden is pretty proficient at identifying the incoming double and making defenses pay. 

He’s the last guy I’d choose to double though, and I think playing him straight up is the way to go even if that means he’s scoring. When the Nets role players are hitting on open looks and feeling involved, it’s likely game over. 

It’s really just pick your poison and Brad chose for that not to be Harden in those instances.
you guys definittely had harden out of his normal rhytyhm so theres that. but you cant leave shamet/harris open. Harris missed 2-3 that are usually just straight cash for him. both Browns also had a terrible game.
Stevens is a good coach so I was perplexed when that happened.
either was this year is a big career defining moment for all 3 superstars
Spoiler? They can't, no one can, league is fucking doomed unless MJ decides to unretire and pair up with Jesus or something
Washland Wizaliers?
CAVIZARD
Cavs are 2-0 vs the Sixers too, but I’ll take the 7th seed if we can vs the Nets and pull off the all time meme team playoff win
could have flipped him for a good defender

Dinwiddie is our good movable piece. He's a 12 m expiring, but teams want his bird rights, for themselves or sign and trade. It's hard to see many meaningful pieces available with the play-in

Javale or Drummond are buyout options

Claxton has only played a few games but has been are best defensive big, even though he was bad tonight. Once he starts playing more that should help some
Buyout on Drummond for size/boards
Huh? Idk how you can't enjoy great offense even if you're not rooting for them. Nets are the most exciting/fun team to watch in the NBA right now.
sabotaged his value early on so he wouldnt get traded, long con
L
Lmfao I gotchu
:D
Lol he doesn’t want to be racially abused. Coward!
It was all over this subreddit last year, people said he was faking his shoulder injury.
Every single time, someone will say a statement that r/nba was parroting and you’ll get a response like ‘nobody said that’ when it’s eventually proved wrong.
Harden and Harris also underperformed this game. It is what it is.
Iron in the blood contributes to that
He plays like a video game.  Crazy to watch
Can’t wait to bring it up again in a few years to show it wasn’t a wrong statement
Just a Celtics fan.
I think that’s a little disingenuous considering the Celtics have been contending the last few years, but I definitely agree with the general idea and think it’s hilarious.
Lmao well then.
well then-
I think the key for them will be efficiency in the first 2 rounds. They need sweeps. We know Harden is durable af, but Kyrie and KD aren't and if they lose either of those guys it gets a lot more difficult with their lack of defense and depth.
I agree but please don't jinx us 😭
we're bette offensively but a lot worse defensively. anything can happen in a series.
It's pretty similar tbh. I'd take Heat LeBron over Harden easily. Current KD edges out late prime Wade. Kyrie over Bosh in terms of raw ability, but Bosh fit with the other 2 stars better. Both teams lack a solid center. 

I still think Brooklyn is the far and away favorites to win it this year, but so were the Heatles nearly every year. Sometimes you run into a team that's playing out of its mind.
Then again a "healthy KD" may never be a thing. Guy is the recovering from the worst injury in basketbal, the Nets definitely gambled by signing him and if he does not return whole then those Nets are definitely beatable (by better teams then this year's Celts).

IMO the condition of KD is what makes or breaks this team when it comes to serious contention. If KD loses (say) important playoff games, then this will be a guard fronted team. And apart from the Warriors in 2015, teams tht have guards as the absolutely best players are eventually stopped in the post season.

With a KD anywhere close to his early season condition + him being present in all the important games. Yeah, they are a problem, they may even break with tradition (bad defensive teams get nothing in the post season).

Again , KD's return is entirely important, pay close attention to it iMO *he* is their ticket to greatness no matter the Harden-Irving's heroics.
I would favor the 76ers but their head coach is Doc Rivers so yeah. Nets will definitely make it out the east.
You're biased Caris! Hope you feel better
People said that last year lol
Facts I’m realistic as well. Lebron and AD would have to go GOD mode on both sides of the ball to beat them
Damn I remember everyone calling the nets bench trash.
Flair and comment not matching up lol.
LeBron is LeBron lol. He needs one star teammate healthy and it's a wrap
I count 3 = 3 
KD = LeBron
Kyrie = AD
Harden <<< Caruso
A fully healthy Lakers team is sweeping the Nets.
The 50% 3pt won’t continue in the playoffs. It’s a different game. We saw how good Lakers defense and offense became last year and the defense already looks even better. Missing AD and still the best defense in the league.

No one on the nets can guard Dennis, Lebron, or AD (especially AD). Moreover I feel comfortable playing Harrell against the Nets which is huge. 

The nets don’t have any players that can really step up on D significantly come playoff time. Honestly if Embiid stays healthy and Harris stays at his current level even the sizers series will be long for the nets.

You really need a top big man who is elite offensively and defensively to exploit the nets. Teams like the clippers have very little chance
the best defensive team in the league would be guarding them.
Who is guarding anyone on the Lakers lmao? Kcp will look like Klay. Who is getting rebounds off of harden/ kyrie’s clanks? Lakers in 6

I trust a proven team defense anyway come playoff time which the lakers have

People forget the Lakers were walking through the league before AD went down
I miss Ally Love
Who he apologized to after Boston didn't work out.
No one would make those in good faith. Even us bitter celtic fans know that no one plays a more beautiful game of basketball than kyrie when he’s on. He’s a nut case who couldn’t be a leader for us without stumbling into more drama. 

He’s flourishing with two superstars next to him. I don’t mean that as a dig. I feel like he’s focusing more on himself and his game is just beautiful because of it.
Dwight wanted to be traded to us in 2012
Knowing Boston’s luck with this kind of thing Harden was bound to tear his ACL and dip after one year if he went here lmao
Well it perfectly addresses that comment lmao. I don't blame the Celtics for not trading for harden because jaylen brown is amazing, but the stupid fucking attitude people had on that sub about it is so funny. Everyone was calling him a fat flopper who plays no defense lmao
Not me, I've been pretty consistent with my opinion that giving up Jaylen is worth taking a chance to try to make a run at a chip.

I understand why people feel otherwise, but me saying that isn't a reaction based off of tonight.  It's me looking at who Harden is and who Brown is and saying that I personally think it is worth giving him and Smart up.
We literally just played a game where our second best player shot like 4-20 and the nets bench shot 70% from 3 and it was a one possession game with 3 minutes left, you can disagree all you want but the Celtics just competed against them. That doesn’t mean we are better or even as good but I’m pretty sure a close game in the 4th quarter is competing
I don’t think they were the best defence, more like top 3 or something. But yeah, I don’t see this Brooklyn team getting that level of dominant more than say 5% probability. Y’all are still the most stacked team in the league, but I’m less mad than I thought I’d be considering yall are sorta a superteam which popped out of nowhere consisting of arguably the three most polarizing players in the league. Like I’d be down for Nets to win a championship, but I don’t want the league to get stale like it did with golden state
Buffering.....resume
Feels hella bad
It's.. one game my guy
I will laugh if Blake dunks his first game back. Especially if it's the very first shot he takes too.
That’s because the gravity on harden and Kyrie is too much, which ultimately opened up some of the role players.
Y’all’s off-season was like a week shorter then ours. Also, I wouldn’t really try to use injuries as an excuse considering we have easily been the most injury cursed team this season other then the Blazers.

You can make the argument the Heat are better, but definitely not way better. We literally were just on a 4 game winning streak and lost to the best team in the league.
if it wasnt for you guys we wouldnt be here. thank you for that trade it got us sean marks.
S'all good, dawg, every fanbase has goons.
i feel like people are still lagging from Houston Harden last season where it was totally acceptable to double team him since there was rarely another sniper on the floor or even another passer to make a play. It's no longer an issue for him on offense but people are so used to double teaming him that they're trapped in old habits.
This is what harden was missing in houston - knockdown 3pt shooters to pass out from a double team
Yeah I was baffled. The first time it happened, I thought Ok maybe there was some miscommunication or something. 

But it just kept happening. At least 6-7 times, maybe even more. It’s like 2 hours after the game and I’m still upset about it.
Yea I know, I never wanna play the Cavs again! But if y'all could go ahead and beat the Nets in the first round, I'd love you forever.
I really hope we’re not trading dindaddy for PJ tucker
Who would you move him for? Tho tbh not sure if I move him at all, not a Nets follower but IIRC he was one of  the best back up PG in the league
Loved that. Faking a shoulder injury and missing 20+ games just to avoid the Celtics.
Holy shit that is hilarious. Imagine being so salty lmao
I'm not saying it didn't happen, I just didn't see it
def dont feel like a homeless heroin addict rn. feel like we got a championship contender.
I mean we literally got a better team then you right fuckin now lol
Those Celtics teams never had a real shot at a championship though
Contending? When lmao
Nah man, we're doing "fuck the Celtics" in here, ok?

But yea, the Nets as real "can win the championship" contenders and arguably favorites before the Celtics is not the timeline we were hoping for! Once KD comes back this team is silly.
You say that but KD hasn't been playing. This nets team has been getting it done without him.
idk if that's so important for them becuase they really have 3 guys that could all turn it on at any time. i'm sure there will be games where one of them will be able to rest more while another takes the control
100%. The pace they play it and the minutes that the main guys are going to play will be really demanding. If they can keep the first couple series short and sweet they should be clear from there.
Oh a jinx would be amazing
Harden on this nets team will easily match lebrons offensive production, lebron will be the better defender though. KD would be far better then Wade, and would also produce as much as bron, atleast scoring wise. Bosh is a good fit but kyrie has been insane and they also have joe Harris
While I think doc isn’t a great coach, Nash still isn’t a proven coach either. My fear is that he’ll play Blake too much, or stop playing guys like TLC or Brown in the playoffs

That being said, he’s great and I’m just trying to curb my enthusiasm for this team
I don't think Pop could coach the Sixers to beat this team healthy
Lol what does that have to do with them compared to nets now?
Last year they had one of the weakest finals rivals in history... Still got pushed to 6. We'll see.
tbh I felt much better about Lakers' roster during the regular season last year. Dwight and McGee fit really well in their roles. Danny was always at least solid on Defense. Dennis is good now, but Montrezl, Gasol, and Wes...idk, the fit is just off.
Diff roster from then and now. Gasol isn't panning out and Trez won't be a positive in the playoffs. Is Trez even going to play in the next month or so?
People forget these 3 are in their primes too, Kyrie and Harden both at their peaks. Even though KD is coming off an injury.
Nah you guys can definitely win. AD and lebron have amazing chemistry
No I called their D trash
A big 3 that has all the D focused on them all they need about role players is some Scrubs that can hit shots, and they got them ( TLC shamet Bruce brown tyler Johnson )
I was a LeBron fan before he went to the Lakers and I'm still a fan of him , but at first I'm clippers (started to support them during the lob city era , life of supporting them is just pain )
Yeah that’s why he’s 4 for 10 in the finals.
The Lakers team that lost one game last year to Harden's Rockets that were *way* less talented are going to sweep the Nets despite the Lakers being arguably worse than last year?
Lakers best shooter is KCP
Nets 7th best shooter is shamet, bad defences need good shooters to penalise them
The Lakers don't have them
> Missing AD and still the best defense in the league.

That's not even close to true lmao

> No one on the nets can guard Dennis

You're just throwing things out there hoping they stick?
Same bro
Then promptly back tracked and went to the Lakers instead.
Or just bitched his way to Brooklyn anyways
Damn must be so hard to be a Celtics fan 😭
Yeah, the Celtics and Nets had equally valid reasons for pulling the trigger as they did. This guy would be downvoted if it had been early in the season when Jaylen had that red hot start.
That's fine and fair, I disagree if just cause if we'd made that trade, it'd be all on Harden in the playoffs (who's a giant playoff wild card as the lead), while the Nets have the ludicrous advantage that he's not the best offensive player on the team. They have KD, and a different team. I think it'd be borderline trolling to say the Celtics "could've had this" when the Nets had probably the best team to enhance Harden's strengths and reduce how much the team lives and dies on him
You lost by 12.
The warriors were the best playoff defense 4 years in a row from 2015-2018!
shamet is a good shooter undoubtedly. tyler johnson is also a pretty solid 3pt shooter.
It was a whole 6 game series vs the actual best team in the league shorter.

Instead of trying to compare the Heat to your Celtics try to face the real problem of your team. You lack a reliable ballhandler, you lack a reliable rim protector (despite Williams' enthusiastic blocks he's still not reliable) and honestly you might even lack reliable starpower. Vucci Mane is legit and might be available.
Yeah it was a good defense when half our team can't dribble, pass, or hit wide open 3's.  Not such a smart move to let the Nets play 4vs3.
harden always had a plethora of slightly above average shooters on the rockets but never even one real 'sniper', someone who you could *trust* to make that shit like you can with Harris. Jeff was one of the most reliable shooters on the rockets last season and im so glad to see him producing with Harden again.
I like how the Celtics got to practice something that they may use less in the future but ultimately will time it right and intercept a pass for a Kemba lay in at the other end.
It's the regular season and we're already ratfucked. It makes more sense to try out strategies and find weaknesses like who they tend to rely on to pass out and how they recover from a double-team than it does for us to go over the top to clutch out a win that doesn't really matter. Odds are we'll need that in the post-season. 

Brad does this all the time where he'll do dumb shit all season to try out rotations and give reps to odd lineups.
Just poppin in to say the playoffs this year are gonna be a bloodbath.  glhfs and ggs to everyone.
That would be a horrible overpay. I wonder if the Magic would move Aaron Gordon for him, they need a guard and AG is (in theory) spare parts with Isaac starting
The irony w your flair 🥴 not saying you, but Paul Pierce is the saltiest guy on earth
Just you wait till the celtics demolish their way to their fifth ECF exit in a row😤
Hahaha wow that’s a good observation!
No one really did when the Warriors were doing their reign of terror. But the Celtics were one of the few teams that were consistently making deep runs for what that’s worth.
Only because of injuries.
Big difference between beating up on Boston and grinding a 7 game series against the heat or buck or 6ers without KD. I also have no expectation that kyrie will maintain this in the playoffs, but I know harden and kd will.
You're gonna need more than 1 guy turning it on to win in the playoffs.
Noooooooo
I'm completely fine with him not playing TLC in the playoffs
Brown has been really important for us and his impact in the short roll has been immense. I think Nash views him as like a Shawn Marion type of guy and he’ll get minutes through the playoffs. He’s proven his worth ten fold so far.
True but Nash seems to know what to do and just sticks to what works. Doc over-complicates things all the damn time. Nets seem to really respect Nash as a coach too
It's also not just Nash. The fact that he's keeping another head coach as his assistant says he's willing to take criticism and change.

\[Full coaching staff\]([https://www.nba.com/nets/news/2020/10/30/brooklyn-nets-announce-coaching-staff](https://www.nba.com/nets/news/2020/10/30/brooklyn-nets-announce-coaching-staff)), which I just looked up
> Still got pushed to 6

While this is technically true, let's not pretend like those finals were even close. The Lakers pretty much stomped their way through the playoffs.
i think harden is a bit past his peak. he definitely peaked in 2018. he was much quicker and explosive then.
Then, I guess it's a win win with Blake and DeAndre on the Nets.
That's literally exactly why. 2007, 2014, 2015, 2018. Those are literally four series where he had no help.
Healthy Lakers really got 11 solid bodies to throw in a playoff game. They're the best defensive team in the league and they're obviously going to be the best offensive team in the playoffs because of LBJ. That's his whole thing. That's what he does. They play on a different field right now. They do not care about the regular season. They just want to be sharp and healthy heading into the playoffs. Maybe the Bucks are the only other team playing like that. Everybody else is playing a different kind of game.
Lakers were an average three ball shooting team last year but their defense and offense attacking the rim dominated opposing teams. Three ball percentages drop significantly in the playoffs and defenses get exposed through matchup hunting. Lakers don’t have too many weak defensive links. Nets have A LOT that Bron will hunt. He’s the king of the mismatch hunt in the playoffs.

I’m not saying it will be an easy series, no way but if I was forced to bet all my assets, I’m taking the Lakers.
Our shooters are fine for what we need and we’re a paint scoring team anyway. Still have the 3rd highest true shooting in the league and nets have zero paint defense. It will be easy buckets for AD, Dennis, Harrell, Lebron.

Plus our rebounding will go back to being elite with AD back at center and the nets already suck at rebounding. The difference in offensive rebounds will kill the nets
Lakers literally have the best defensive rating by a large margin but okay. And you’ve never watched Dennis play or you would know he feasts on teams that can’t guard quick driving guards, you casual. I guarantee you were saying the Lakers won’t win last season too
Nah, he bitched his way off one team after 8 years with them lmao, you're underestimating harden and tatum
I agree with what you're saying, but let's get one thing straight. KD is the better scorer of the two and a better overall player. But James Harden is absolutely the best offensive player on that team. His mixture of scoring and playmaking is unmatched in the league.
And that's okay, but it's not some "kneejerk decision" based on this game or a few games.
You didn’t watch the game then.
Sorry, I was thinking regular season record in the 2016-2017 season.
Did you just say we lack star power ? 😂😂😂😂
Now he’s got like 3 snipers lol
Yeah, he's the salt of the earth, but that's part of Paul Pierce package, and a big part of what makes him great. 

Example: Dude slid hard in the draft. Most mock drafts had him at 3rd but he was still available to us when we were drafting at 10. First day with us, he was polite but still mad. At the end of the day, workout was over and reporters were packing up to leave. Someone asked him how he felt about sliding to tenth in the draft, and instead of answering, he started heaving up crazy shots, calling out their number: "One! Two! Three!" He did this up to "Ten!" each shot crazier than the last. He hit every one of them and then stalked off the court without answering any more questions. The reporters reported it, because it made the kid look crazy, angry, cocky, and a kind of a badass. 

Paul Pierce. Hall of Famer. Finals MVP. Salty guy. Without the salt, you wouln't have the full Paul Pierce.
That’d be a huge win for them this year
Bro you're acting like you're going to be right in the future when you're wrong now lol. 

Just admit you were incorrect and move on.
Why would you not trust him to maintain this. The only year he underperformed in the playoffs was one year in Boston where he was not getting on with the team.
We swept all the best teams in the West without KD. Depth is not a problem.
Nah fuck yall, 2017-18 was painful enough with one KD super team, then just 2 years of parity later its starting again, fuck KD and fuck the Nets, I hope Kyries playoff shooting for the celtics, hardens 0-27 and KDs 24% 3pt against the warriors in 2016 all come back and strike the team down
Hahaha that's true , there is always a bright side
So I guess it's not a wrap then... Cause you skipped 2011 and 2017 for obvious reasons.
I have no problem with somebody thinking LA is going to win.

I think it's absolutely stupid to think that they would sweep the Nets.
Lakers didn't play a single team last year anywhere near as good as this nets offense though.
Even tho u guys r saying lakers have the best defence no one on that lakers roster is going to stop kd, kyrie, harden and harris
He's the more complete offensive player for sure, he's a top 10 offense unto himself, where Durant still needs a distributor. You get what I mean though that Durant's presence meant the Nets almost uniquely did not have to worry about if they would be getting that mixture of playmaking and scoring in must win playoffs
In your case no. I speak generally for most of this thread
You didn’t lose by 12?
To go up against Brooklyn or Philly you do. Brown is not on Kyrie's or Ben's level.
Compared to top teams in the league? Yes, Boston lacks star power
Why are you wasting your time on me lmao
Because the last four years of sample size where we was a 48% shooter fro the field vs the 27 games this year where he's jumped to 52%. Even in his best playoff year he only did 48% from the field. Just an unreal 44% from 3 in their championship run. I've just watched a lot of Kyrie Irving and this doesn't seem sustainable to me. Could always be wrong.
Lmao heat fan complaining about super teams
Relax jack, you're acting like a real corn pop right now buddy
2017 KD super team.  2011 Mavs godteam.
I don't think the Nets are making it past Philly.
They have a better chance than anyone in the nets stopping lebron, ad (best duo ever in playoff history), Dennis, Harrell. Even kcp will look like klay against that defense
Yeah yeah, you have a great point.
If your takeaway from the competitiveness of the game is purely based on the final score you either A) didn’t watch the game or B) are trolling for a reaction.
Your right. He is below Kyrie, above Ben. Not one other of their levels.
You okay dude?
He has the best spacing he has ever worked with and no real playmaking responsibility. His job is just to score and people will never double him. Not saying he will definitely keep it up but he very likely could too
That was different because it was ended by injuries and started with a choke against a God tier mavs team

I don't care if it's ironic

Fuck the Nets I hope they rush KD back
I just hate the Nets with a passion

And KD always plays on a damn superteam
"Mavs god team" lmao
Not relevant to what you said.
Bro u making look like the nets has the worst def(start of the season yes i totally agree with u) but for the last 15games the nets have been ok on def(not the best but just avarage) since their offence is pretty much unstoppable they only really need to be avarage on def to beat anyonr and if u watch most of the nets games they’ve done good on D when it matters
i didnt give you any takeaways, i just said you lost by 12.
Why tf u hate us, since when has Brooklyn been rivals with Miami?

And blame the Rockets for taking our offer instead of Philly's 🤷‍♂️
I get hating the Big 3 but damn the Nets have had almost 0 success, just dont hate the loyal Net fans and we all good. I'd hate the Nets big 3 if I wasn't a Nets fan myself, i get it lol
Tbf someone else used similar wording in another comment so it ended up sticking in my head when I made that comment lol
It's relevant. I don't expect the Nets to reach a series vs the Lakers. I consider the Lakers a way superior team.
Their defense is rating the last 10 games is 115 (https://www.statmuse.com/nba/ask/nets-defensive-rating-in-the-last-10-games)

That’s better than the 117 it used to be, but it’s still terrible and definitely far below average. 

The offense is amazing, but during playoffs the offense slows down and consistent defense becomes much more important that in the regular season where the lakers have a huge advantage. In a 7 games series, the nets would have to consistently stay hot every game while being game planned against by the lakers. Meanwhile, the lakers have less to worry because with their current players, the nets won’t be able to use any system to defend the Lakers players
You commented on something describing why the game was competitive implying that it wasn’t because the final score was a 12 point margin.

Got it so trolling, have a good one.
I hate you guys since u decided to grab Harden

Also fuck tilman or whatever the fuck his name is for giving him away for free
Haha you're good but that is the one final series that people can definitely fault Lebron for.
They dont need to stay hot in best of 7 apart from lebron and AD the rest of the lakers roster are below average or average at best on offence the nets def pretty much only have to focus on AD and lebron to win the game and im sure kd can handle lebron while the only problem is who can stop AD, but i can ask again who can stop harden and kyrie? Schroder is an okay defender be no chance of him stopping either kyrie or james and we also have harris u leave him open its a bucket! I doubt the lakers can stop the nets offence at all
You seem super upset that your team lost by 12 lol
Alright well have a good night mate q
No DeAndre minutes, now the Nets will actually win it all
The final margin was 22 but still feels like one of those "it wasn't as close as the final score indicates" type of games.
LMA > DJ, don't ever go back nash
Trade Kyrie for depth lmao
Jesus fuck can any of their signings not work out
Aldridge is so much better than DJ holy shit
Uncle Jeff
Fucking hell wtf was that
Remember when after the Nets got Harden there were actually people that thought the Nets should trade Kyrie for role players even though the Nets still had good role players and the buyout market ahead of them? 

Good Times lol
This team is missing their two best players hahahaahaahaha
Hope Malik monk is ok prayers up that looked bad
The one time there’s enough time between both games for basically a halftime report, it’s the Tuesday crew. Damn you March Madness.
The Nets are going to annihilate the East in the playoffs lol. They are firing on all cylinders.
Does anyone really believe a healthy nets team won’t win the Chip this year?
The best thing about this game was that it was under 2 hours long, which is a miracle by TNT standards
I don’t care who comes out of the west. The nets are going to fuck everyone up this year.
ow
You know, LMA, you know had a pretty you know good game.
Well that was fun. I hope Monk is alright
Why does this have to happen on TNT. Welp another 4 years before the NBA gives us one.
Alize Johnson with 5 rebounds in 4 minutes. Honestly hoping we sign him for the last roster spot if we can't get anything from the buyout market
Does Charlotte want to try again against our DNP squad?

Harden/Dinwiddie/KD/Blake/DeAndre

Ridiculous the depth
Happy for nets fans but FUCK it is so annoying Durant is on another team that is a juggernaut without him. Like they could win the east with him just chillin on the bench it sucks
No Jordan minutes is even more spooky
We may never lose again
I'm just here to hear how LMA is still in his prime and we were dumb to let him go
we play so different when we dont have harden. kyrie is just forcing pace like crazy whole night
Harden isn’t gonna win mvp now lol not that he was a lock in the first place.
People are smoking crack if they think healthy Nets vs healthy Lakers will end up in anything other than Nets in 5.

Lakers can boast about their defense all day and night, it's not stopping a healthy Kyrie, Harden and KD surrounded by shooters.
Alize 5 rebounds  in  4 minutes. 🔥🔥🔥
LMA was decent tbh
Man Uncle Jeff big chance to win his first ring this year, all about that
It's been a while but finally an easy blowout victory. Also coincidence that once DJ is benched, the Nets play better, especially on defense?
Not as close as the score suggests
That was fun
lol we had 4 total free throws
how has uncle jeff been for the nets so far?
Greatest roster ever constructed imo 

Kyrie, Harden, KD, LMA, Griffin, Harris, etc. Most stacked roster I've ever seen, it would be insane if they lose the title this year, I would be shocked.
I know we didn’t want deandre to start but does he really deserve to be a DNP when we have TLC on the roster with more mins over him
GG Hornets fans
Can't lie I would be happy for LMA if he gets a ring. He deserves one
LOL

just give the nets the chip alr, save us the trouble of going through it and being disappointed
Give us the chip now
People are going to be bitching about LMA but if I'm a Nets fan, I'm a little worried about that minutes distribution with Claxton.

Those highlights of his people posted were the product of the Hornets being dumb as fuck. Who gives a hard double to 40% shooting LMA?
Non super teams were fun for one whole season. Now we’re watching a nets super team go three peat.
This is gonna be a peaceful thread
nets going all the way for the next 4 years huh
Pain.
has there ever been a team in history that start 5 all stars?
dj is just not viable in this era.  
sorry big guy.
even with guys still missing the nets winning games….LA looked really good seeing as he has been out a month
Hardens MVP case is tarnished, Nets B team is unbeatable as well.
Micky mouse ring
I really hope basketball gods will punish these cheating coward nets. Not gunna lie really wish they all suffer Achilles tears
Aldridge is just a huge addition by not having to play Deandre holy shit
his one job should be 6 fouls on Embiid
They were up 32 until the starters sat
Probably because there was around 40 minutes of garbage time lol
Lol this league sucks. Why can’t there just be balance for once. This was supposed to be year of the duos
AlFrEd ThE bUtLeR!!!!1!!1
according to Perk, we needed JJ redick and Hart more than him.
Let me tell you a story about Johan Petro.
You trade for stars and keep stars at all costs.
There were a lot of narratives going around. The main ones being the team will implode because there's 3 nutcases on the one team, and the Nets gave up too much for fat Harden.
Nets should have traded Kyrie for a JJ Redick type player - Kendrick Perkins
no kyrie should retire he obviously doesn't want to play ball
wdym harris and claxton both played
Can't fucking relate
so did we
Hey no hatin on Korver...
Might annihilate the opposing team in the finals too.
Yeah its insane. Not only will the Nets hopefully be full strength, they'll all be motivated come playoff time. The close games they've had this season against bad teams is only due to focus and motivation.
12-0
[deleted]
Me, but only because I’m a delusional homer
If Harden stays healthy, they can legitimately lose Kyrie or KD and still have a decent shot at it. That's crazy.
The Lakers can contest but I’m betting Nets until I see how each team looks in the playoffs.
This sub is r/lakers 2 , all of them or delusional and they think lakers have a chance against them , and i say that as a fan of LBJ ( i know flair doesn't check out)
Philly kinda used to not having any direction in the playoffs (Brown made sure), even with doc as handicap they got a chance
idk i have to believe having so little playing time with what will be their playoff lineup will end up hurting them, but it might not matter
clippers
I'm a fan of the NBA and I'm all for the drama. Super teams add to the drama and I'm enjoying this arc. If Nets win, I'll be happy that Blake, LMA and Harden will finally be getting their jewelry. Kyrie and KD? Okay I guess. Indifferent at the least.
Yes, the Lakers.
I'm a nets fan, have been for nearly 20 years, and I struggle to believe that they can win it all. They are lead by an incredibly talented big 3, but mental toughness matters so much in the playoffs and these 3 may be the weakest big 3 in terms of mental toughness of all time. There is so much potential volatility held in KD, Kyrie, and Harden that I can't help but feel that they will implode the second they face true adversity in the playoffs. Beyond that, I hate super teams that are artificially formed via free agency and borderline extortion (trades like Harden or AD), and I, as a fan of fair/competitive bball, can not wholly support this team despite my life long affiliation.
There were barely any foul calls on either side it seems
Coward
Funniest part was the ending when he said "you know what I'm saying" after saying "you know" like 10 times
It’s funny cause that’s how he talks
Glad to see his style of speaking hasn't changed at all.
You have Lamelo, they'll definitely bless you guys with a few
a buyout player would be a downgrade imo.
Washed LMA is better than DJ
Nah it probably made sense for both parties but he literally is so much better than DJ
Him not being dj is great. I could see the limitations on defense but he’s still better than dj which is fucking sad
I don’t know how he was for you guys, but Jesus Christ is he an upgrade over Deandre Jordan, who saw NO MINUTES tonight
You don’t have to be in your prime lol you just have to be able to move. That’s what the Nets were missing when they were playing DJ for 30 minutes a game
If you guys were paying him a minimum you would have never let him go lol
Yeah just trade him back to Houston pls!
>we play so different when we dont have harden. kyrie is just forcing pace like crazy whole night


Because he can't control the pace like Harden can.
The Lakers offense is more of a concern, they can do their best defensively but it won't matter if they can't make shots.
TBF no one in nets roster are stopping lebron and AD either
just so, so solid
same he was in Houston with Harden, some people still havent realized that yet
Y’all literally had a better roster 2 years ago 😭
I'd still take the 2017 Warriors in 6. Steph and KD at their peaks, Klay, peak Draymond, Livingston, Iggy, etc. I think they are all-around better.

This Nets team is scary on offense though.
Why would TLC’s minutes have anything to do with DJ?
both of them should be garbage time scrubs once KD is back
Yes
Yeah at least TLC moves a bit
Yes
I don’t think he deserves one. He left Dame and pouted his way through his Spurs stint. Nothing against the guy but he’s not on my list of guys that deserve a ring. 

Harden deserves a ring more than anyone on that Nets squad.
None of those guys deserve a ring.  They get compensated pretty damn well.  

The irony of LMA getting a ring is its a big fuck you to loyalty.  He went to get a ring at SA, didn't get one, then went to the Nets while Dame stayed loyal to an organization and will probably retire ringless.
Claxton is good in his minutes. He can't handle more because he goes full hold down L2 mode.
worried about what exactly?
Claxton was just ok tn. Also against teams that can abuse Aldridge defensively claxton will see way more time
LMA allows the nets to space the floor, leaves open lanes for everyone to drive, especially in the starting lineup. Clax is needed more in the second unit since he is most effective in the paint where jumpers ain't really falling from our second unit, Clax is our cleanup crew lol.
Claxton was struggling tonight. He's still a young guy playing in just his 32nd career game. He'll get his 25-30 MPG down the stretch.
Claxton will get plenty of time. We're on a B2B and the team is being careful with him. LMA was playing well so Nash probably just wanted to reward him.
How so?
Claxton is still playing himself into shape. Nash said he doesn’t want to give him too many minutes. He’s been injured and hasn’t played an extended period of time for a while. They’re bringing him along slowly
lakers fans complaining about superteams is hilarious
Did you really think y’all were losing last year once the playoffs started?
Lol. Says the Lakers fan.
Two top 5 players in the league is not a super team? LBJ and AD absolutely are super
Y’all signed Drummond, right? FOH.
Aldridge was a legitimate cheat code when they doubled him in the post.
In the 3rd not to mention
That was definitely last year
That was literally last year bruh
It was last year and it didn't take long to establish Lebron and AD as the favorites. Parity/balance is mostly a myth in the nba.
the league should just be 30 teams entirely comprised of classy Mason Plumlee... perfectly balanced!!
You mean last year when LeBron and AD steamrolled everyone? 

The Lakers are still the favorites in a lot of people’s minds lol we haven’t even seen these guys in a playoff series. Remember what happened to the Big 3 Heat their first year and the Clippers last year

Also it’s against the Hornets ffs bruh
Go buy some cheez-it duos and restore order.
nah man the toxic big 3 will destroy the Nets locker room and they'll implode. This is what nephews like you were babbling after the Harden trade so don't give me this whiny horseshit now
Y'all keep crying about the same shit get over it
ThErEs OnLy OnE bALL
Forreal. After decades of practically no signing working out, it is only natural that all of them work out at once.
Jordan Farmar laughs at you
Way too many fans still buy into the braindead "there's only one ball" logic. That shit should've died after the Miami big 3 offense still had success when only 1 of the 3 stars could shoot 3's. Of course it's gonna work when all 3 stars can shoot 3's
Yeah a lot of dumb narratives lol. At least I think some people have finally came around to the fact that the Nets won the Harden trade. Getting a top 5 player for a meh volume scorer, an above average Center, salary filler and picks is a huge W
People didn‘t realize 3 nutcases can have great chemistry..
lol most people knew they got a bargain for Harden.
And that idiot played in the NBA
[deleted]
I mean I don’t hate this lineup, but no one can compete with Ernest, Chuck, Kenny and Shaq.
Nah the only way was if they still had their historically bad defense which unfortunately has been corrected to just below average.
I can never blame anyone for being a homer, as I always am. But when the nets are 18-3 in their last 21 *without Kevin fucking Durant*, man....
Embiid averaging 50ppg in the playoffs to beat the Nets?
Dude should have 3 MVPs by now
AND with a mixture of harden / KYRIE being off, they haven’t been full strength for this stretch.
You watching this Clippers game right now?
> Super teams add to the drama

no they don't, they take away from the drama. competition IS the drama
why foul when you can just shoot open 3's?
nets shot 4 free throws lol
How bitch? These dudes look unstoppable and fucking harden and kd are on the bench.
We had the #1 pick, KAT and D'lo and they gave us only 1 lol
He just plays faster. Harden will resort to half court play every time if he doesn't have someone leaking out in transition. Ky will rush the ball up the court even on made shots. Both methods work.
Lakers O vs Nets D: A stoppable force meets a movable object
3 superstars + quality role players that can shoot

2 superstars + brickfest laker goons
I disagree, I think this Nets roster has a better offensive peak than the 2019 Warriors. Especially offensively. Kyrie being the 3rd option gives them the edge offensively imo, can score 40 on any given night, one of the most elite offensive players in the league can score in too many ways. 

defensively, I think we have the edge due to Draymond and Klay. But the defense really won't be an issue for this Nets team if they keep blowing out teams like this even without their full roster back healthy.
The thing is this year there is literally no competition to stand in their way. All the best players the Warriors had to go up against are currently on the same team now and the only team even remotely close to them is missing their best players for the foreseeable future. At least the Rockets and Cavs were somewhat competitive with the Warriors. People act like the Rockets didn’t take the Warriors to 7 games. Is there a team in the Nets conference who can even take them past 5?
I'd rather play DJ at SF if it means not seeing TLC
Claxton deserves a ring <3
TLC deserves a ring more than anyone. Would be a great way to cap off his hall of fame career
He can't handle more than 13 minutes?
L2? Box out and post up?
That he's already getting favored minutes so quickly over the guy you actually need to develop for the playoffs.

Your team has very few problems outside of health but if you're going to pick anything, it's that you need your defensive big to get more playing time. LMA carving up the idiot Hornets doesn't mean anything for a championship team like yours.
You're playing for the playoffs. Claxton's defense is the big thing that needs to get solidified and practiced.

It's a nitpick, it really is. But your offense doesn't really need a boost.
Keep in mind I'm basically pointing out Megan Fox's thumbs. It's like the only thing I can think to keep an eye on from this game.
Lakers haven’t gone a decade without a top 10 player of all time. Lakers fans complaining about the Nets are  annoying
Lakers aren’t a super team though what’s your point
they need to build up the underdog narrative 🥱
Typical bandwagon, "rules for thee, but not for me".

Kick rocks lol
i mean why double LMA in the post anyway? wtf was that strat by the hornets
Last year when people didn't rate AD currently so they thought playoffs would be competitive and then AD and LeBron stomped the West with AD playing every bit as good LeBron until halfway through the finals?

There was no parity last year either, only the illusion of it.
No it wasn't lol. It was pretty clearly going to be either Clippers or Lakers and clippers turned out to have too many weaknesses.
Well Klay and Steph wasn't able to happen, and then Kawhi/PG blew it. We didn't even really get to enjoy it.
There are always going to be favorites. Close 6-7 game series are more fun to watch than 4-5 games series though.
Never said that lol locker room doesn’t matter for stacked stacked teams
Also, Harden (and most superstars) turn decent role players into good ones because they make the game easier for them. People think talent and production exists in too much of a vacuum; a guy that is looking like a strong role player next to a Harden, LeBron, CP3, Steph, etc. might not look like a very good role player on certain other teams.
nah most people didn't. most people get their narratives from espn and sports media
He was in the NBA cuz he's 7 feet 280 lbs not cuz he's a genius lol
Woosh
Sixers are doing really well without Embiid too who was the MVP frontrunner. Not disagreeing with anything you said, just was crazy frustrating being behind them in the standings and they just wouldn't lose either.
never
You're giving me drama right now! lol
Why shoot lot FTs when few FTs do trick
I had to check if this was true lol. Wtf. Is that some sort of record?
and we scored 10 more points in the paint lol it wasn't even like we weren't aggressive.

combination of easy buckets and kyrie just not getting calls.
Not to mention Harris had an off night as well. These guys are definitely going to be fully healthy and have 1 game where everyone is hot at the same time.
Get your pp out from inside your body
Sensitive are we?
That's what they said last year too.
I hope they win so Harden gets a ring but we haven’t even seen them in the playoffs lmao. The KD warriors won 67 games in their first year
The rockets easily deserved to beat the warriors
I think Philly can do it.
Yeah, if the lakers can't get healthy, it's likely a wrap. But that's only if the Nets stay healthy which is far from a guarantee. Harden will be available, but who knows about Durant and Kyrie. If they only have two of their big three, I think Milwaukee, Philly, and the Heat can give them some trouble.
Lmao
You're all wrong. Nash deserves one more than anyone
he would have more rings than Ewing, Stockton, Malone, Barkley, and Iverson combined that's first ballot right there
He would've played more if it weren't a blowout most of the game. Hes been averaging around 24 and he had knee tendinitis to start the season. The Nets are keeping his minutes low and letting him build up stamina and preventing injury
Sprint
Claxton is not going to develop into anything in the next several weeks. He's an extremely good defender with an equally raw offensive game. That's not gonna change by playoff time. LMA is not some game changer, but his ability to stretch the floor and get buckets is still valuable.

As long as Deandre is out of the picture, completely fine with LMA and Claxton sharing playing time. LMA got more run today because it was his first game, plus Claxton was kinda ass down the stretch and needed to get subbed out, otherwise he'd probably have stayed in the bulk of the 4th.
Agreed, but if you take a embiid type of player who is great defensively, you can have LMA sort of bring him out, making it easier. If you have clax in, you essentially have 2 players clogging the paint, and Clax doesn't have the size to box out Embiid.
The Nets are not relying on Clax to play big minutes for them in the playoffs. Hes played less than 40 career games and has had 3 relatively serious injuries. You're kidding yourself If you think he'll be out there in crunch time against the Bucks or sixers. He's just too inexperienced and no team is gonna take that chance. Maybe if he was a top 10 pick or something but he'd literally have to play like an all star to earn those minutes. Hes getting fine minutes so far. He has closed games when it was appropriate.
not this year but your franchise has had an insane amount of superteam historically speaking lmaoo (shaq-kobe, lakeshow with kareem and magic).
a little of self awareness is needed on here
Calling out a Mickey Mouse ring while you are a Lakers fan? Priceless.
No idea lol.   For some reason a guard kept ending up on him.
Seriously. He was like 2/5 on turnaround jumpers. They have up like 5 3s doubling Aldridge
Losing.
There's been little to no parity in the league for the past decade, if not longer.

But I was referring to the "year of the duos" part of his comment, that was definitely last year.
And then in the finals even with Jimmy going godmode it was pretty much a forgone conclusion the Lakers would win...

But sure the Nets are what’s stopping the league from being competitive.
I'm not sure how the guy that's generated 3 superteams on his own and built a sports agency for his friend (off the record of course) always gets a pass on this stuff.
Nah there was parity , hindsight is 20/20 and it’s easy for you to say now. No one thought bucks would get knocked out , everyone thought the clippers would play the lakers in the WCF.  

Lakers may have been the best team but to say there wasn’t parity is simply not true
Thank you for being honest.
I'm referring to the "year of the duos"

Ik there's no parity in the league, every year outside of 2017 has only had 2-4 true contenders.
Harden/Westbrook was also a fail.
It Kawhi/PG couldn’t beat the Nuggets they’d have had no chance against the team that took them in 5. 

The warriors with no real depth also probably would have lost but we’ll never know for sure. Injuries suck.
I can def trust the Lakers 76ers and even Bucks to get 2 on the Nets if not win it. I still got the Nets and I’ll be cheering for Harden but to compare this team to the GS dynasty is ludicrous
I swear dudes think that nba players are robots in a vacuum

People just need to shut up and enjoy the sport
It doesn't take a genius to know you don't trade someone with Kyries talent for JJ Redick
A game earlier this season saw the Nuggets win and shoot 0.
Waiting for that game, it has to happen at least once.
No
I wish I could put my PP into my body
Does anyone honestly think this team wouldn’t win 67 games if they were all healthy with an 82 game season? Remember Curry played 79 games, Klay played 78, Draymond played 76, and KD 62. Imagine if this Nets team was actually playing that many games. Plus at this point they could bench their starters for the rest of the year and still go 12-0 in the East playoffs no matter who they played.
Yea we'll have to see. Right now though, the Nets are the heavy favorites to win the title imo. It would have to be a shocking collapse for them to lose a series against most teams.
>I hope they win so Harden gets a ring but we haven’t even seen them in the playoffs lmao. The KD warriors won 67 games in their first year


How many do the Nets win if all of their stars are together from the start?
If Embiid is healthy, like really healthy, we probably will at least win 1. They don't really have an elite center who can stop him from doing whatever he wants.
He already has one working with the Warriors, right?
It was also a back to back and he was amazing last night
Just stagger him with Harden and the offensive issues disappear entirely. Harden's out and this was LMA's first game so Claxton probably just got less time as a result. I'm honestly not worried about it.
His chemistry on offense could get better. But the main point is your defense is the only on court weakness you have.
I love how the irony just went over your head and how the hypocrisy is displayed here.

You proved both perfectly, thank you
hornets were willingly switching on those screens and that played right into our strengths. odd decision making by them but we'll take it
With the exception of a few years, there's never been parity in league history. The team with the best player in the series and decent help.
Well to be fair it’s literally just Nets and the Lakers with the Nets being even far and away ahead of the Lakers. At least with the Warriors you were able to respect the fact that the built the team with Curry, Klay, and Draymond all being home-grown and creating a team that a guy like KD would want to play for. The Nets just straight artificially created the most dominant team in the NBA in less than 18 months.
The league has had a small handful of seasons with more wide spread parity. Most years are like this year.
Because his teammates always get shit on and underrated.

AD still doesn't get the respect he deserves while absolutely dominating everyone on both sides of the ball all playoffs long. That's a coming out party and yet we're going to hear the same questions about him again this year because he got injured.
Because as long as LeBron is losing most people don’t care lol
This isn't hindsight and you're ignoring my point. The illusion of parity is fans not properly rating a player. Whether AD falls in an arbitrary top 5 list or not doesn't actually matter, he was able to play like the best player in the world multiple times in the playoffs. The lack of recognition he was getting is what led to the idea of parity.

And the league will always push that there's more competition than there is through the media. Clippers interior defense got heavily exposed in that playoff series.

Bucks, who I very well believed to be a major threat to the Lakers, also got exposed when their regular season guys like Bledsoe just no showed in the playoffs.
Year of the Duos was last year and was pretty obviously going to the team with 2 top 5 players.
I mean that’s not really the case, there’s matchups. Like, Milwaukee matched up better against us than they did Miami. They would’ve gone to the ECF if they faced us. I also think we did match up better against Miami, we got to game 6 despite shitting our pants literally every single game.
Durant, Harden, Kyrie, Blake, LMA, Harris, Brown, Claxton, Green, Shamet, DJ is fucking stacked dude. Idk how that isn't comparable to the Warriors, especially with a debatably easier path to the finals. If healthy, they're massive favorites.
i want the nets to play everyone full minutes that game instead of pulling them early and see if they can break 200 pts
U think they would sweep the 76ers who have the most dominant big in the NBA and an incredible defensive team to atleast help slow down the big 3?
Well the Warriors went 15-1 in 2017 but I def think the Bucks, 76ers, Lakers, and even Heat could have a competitive series against the Nets
I'm not sure. He wasn't like an official part of the normal coaching staff was he? I thought he was a consultant
I have been a Nets fan for my whole life. No bandwagon fan. But you’re right. You win.
Yeah, but that's the cool thing.  it means teams will struggle switching on a Harden LMA pick and roll.
teams are so scared to play straight man cause they dont wanna get burned for 3's but the constant switching and doubling just tires your defense and makes them more confused unless they are Golden State or San Antonio at their peak
But that’s not what is being referred to. He’s just saying it was duo’s last year.
The turnaround Mark's has done is phenomenal. He built a great base and culture with the shittiest hand. Finding and developing Joe Harris, Dinwiddie, Levert, Jarrett Allen, and now Claxton. Plus bringing bad contracts in or facilitating trades for picks. They had no right being a playoff team so quickly after the failed KG trade. Then it helped KD and Kyrie wanted to team up and chose a good location that had the room. Rest is history and good luck
Marks had to rebuild this team without its first round picks. Not his fault that he can't build a juggernaut team thru the draft.

He had to prove that this team is good enough for the stars to consider going to Brooklyn. Took some reclamation pieces (Harris, Dinwiddie) and made them into elite role players. Made sure that they will compete even though they're undermanned, talent-wise.

Just as Luis Scola said before he left the Nets, "Once they win, they will get everyone they want. But all those other things don't matter until you have a good team."

We all have our preferences on how we want our teams to be built. But at the end of the day, front offices have to do anything to win a championship with the pieces and assets that are given to them when they took the job.
look at what the Nets had when Sean Marks took over the team and please tell me wherein you can say this is "Artificial"?

The entire Prokhorov era was one of the most artificial facades of a basketball team in recent history
He didn't at NO either.  The only one that got any respect on his super teams was Wade.

AD is a monster though, on both ends of the court.
Really don’t get your point then. There wasn’t parity because Ad is better than everyone thought? Even if people “rated” him top 5 there was still parity last szn. IMO AD sits between 10-15 in the nba overall ranks
Yes that was my point lol
Yeah, he's a 2x NBA champion as a consultant. 

I mean. He was one of the best shooters of all time. I'd say it counts.
Harden with LMA is going to be next-level surgical. I'm so excited for everyone to come back
Let's face it: if healthy, your offense is just going to be absurd.
Yes I got that, I understand lol. He was just referring to the duos part of the previous comment and I was just commenting on the "past decade" part.
Thanks, the whole "nets artificially created this team" thing that I keep seeing is the dumbest fucking take I've ever seen.
Marks deserves credit for what he did when he took over but how can you pretend that it has any impact whatsoever on this current roster? Kyrie and KD wanted to team up and they needed somewhere to go. Kyrie was a Nets fan KD went where Kyrie went. Then Harden forced his way out of Houston and the Nets blew up any remaining roster they had built. The two guys still left we’re Dinwiddie and Harris. Dinwiddie isn’t even playing this year. Then when they’re already $60M over the cap they acquire 2 buyout players with a cumulative contract price of another $60M. The Nets could have had 5 garden gnomes for a starting lineup before Kyrie and KD arrived and it wouldn’t have mattered. When 3 top 10 players and 2 former all stars decide to join up it honestly doesn’t matter where they end up, they’re going to be the favorites no matter what. Are you telling me that if Kyrie was a Timberwolves fan growing up and he and KD decided to put this team together in Minnesota that they still wouldn’t be the heavy favorites?
Wade won a Chip as the man without Lebron. Kinda makes sense.
Mkay cool, then nevermind
Yup can't wait.  Teams are basically F'ed if they have a single weak link on defense.
Yeah I’m not going to apologize once for this. For everything we’ve been through we deserve something nice.
I’m extremely jealous
KD the most effortless scorer I ever did see
This is what I get for being a European getting excited about seeing the game live. Just increased the depression. Mr Arod i'm okay with Seattle now /s

Hobbled Nets team had Chiozza play 13 minutes...he got 2 more assists than anyone else in the team.

KAT and Beasley out so we needed anyone to show the fuck up. Instead Naz Reid and Jaylen Nowell put up the worst games of their careers. JN gets some leeway seen as he was injured but that was inexcusable from Naz. Its just so frustrating seeing this team.

Extra shoutouts to Juancho and Ricky. They deserve to be called out for that shite. At least Vando and Layman showed up. Thats something. And Dlo looked alright. And Ant got his.

Honestly Juancho, JV, Culver, Ed Davis should all be out of the league. No team would find use for them.

Layman, McLaughlin are at best DEEP bench guys
durant is a beast
The wolves are a +7 with Kat on the floor and a -102 without him since the ASB
KD with 31 pts 73% FG, 66% 3PT while he was tweeting up a storm before the game. twitter goat.
Random but Wolves have a lot of players whose first name starts with J.
Damn. Almost had 'em.
Let's go kd baby. Dude came from acl injury and looked like a mvp candidate. And then hamstring injury and still balling out.
I didn't even know this game was happening until the third quarter :/
Good team win by the Nets they bounced back from a tough loss,quickly adapted to the game being delayed and worked with the roster they had available.

Also no starter played more than 30 minutes so they basically got more of workout in and are still fresh for tomorrows game.

Nice to see that progress from a first year coach like Nash. That Laker game probably made him stronger and a better coach.
in the Warriors finals run with Curry/KD, I really thought teams like Houston, Cleveland, Toronto, etc posed a clear threat. Raptors even won against us, Houston came so damn close to beating us two years in a row. But overall, the Warriors were by far the best team in the league

This Nets team is somewhat similar, but I'm not convinced any team in the East is close to beating the Nets, and it will have to be up to the Lakers/Clippers I guess, I don't even know. 

This Nets team is just way too good even without full health. Who is gonna beat them?
Wolves fans vs Kings fans part ______
Ant -39 in 33 minutes. 

Look how they massacred r/NBA's boy
Yo I had no idea this game was on. I swear this is mad early for a game to finish. I’m not from the US so I have no idea, is there a reason this game was played early on a weekday?

edit: oh shit I totally spaced out on this being the game that was postponed. My fault yea makes sense, thanx for the replies
11-15 holy fuck. dude was considering signing with us back in 2016. what coulda been 😔
Really glad we won this one cos unless Kai's back with a masterclass or KD drops 40( which i honestly dont want, save it for the playoffs) Embiid is going to feast on us tomorrow, he'll do whatever the fuck he wants in the paint and its gonna be ugly to watch
KD on minutes restriction
this is so silly. this team can legit roll out a different 1xTop 10 player +others every night for 3 different nights
Not that the Wolves have that many scoring options, but I'm not sure playing like this is really helping Ant's developpment, like yeah it's cool hsi usage is crazy high so he gets points and some of his scoring flashes are really nice, but I'd really like to see some 16/5/5 games with decent defense on good efficiency, he has tools to be decent on defense, he has some passing vision.

Hopefully he doesn't become a wing version of DLo
27 minutes playing time. Are they going to let KD play b2b tomorrow?
2 for 11 huh 🤔
working hard to keep the highest odds for the #1 draft pick.
KD got his routine, those tweets warm him up.
Anthony edwards commits a violation on every free throw. He steps over the line before the ball hits the hoop every single time. Why doesn’t anyone (ie the refs) notice?
Be interesting if he plays tonight but really killed it out there
Never noticed this but the Wolves have 2/3 worst defenders in the NBA by DBPM.
Chiozza was the only true PG we had left healthy.

Nash probably starts the next game
I got to remind myself of how young Naz is sometimes with how wide a range of performances he can turn in but man 3 rebounds with KAT out? Makes for a long afternoon for the squad.

Shout-out ANT though for collecting 8 of the 18 total rebound the starters managed.
Sorry brotha. At least you got to watch Durant put on a show. Sure it wasn’t as fun being on the other side but perhaps you can appreciate some basketball artistry
Why would anyone outside of Minnesota root for the worst franchise in the league?
Agree with everyone but Vando. He’s got redeemable qualities, all he needs to be playable is a 35% shooter from the corner. 

He hustles, fights for boards, physical inside, and that’s enough to say that he at least deserves a spot at the end of the bench. 

Just a shame his floor spacing is lackluster and he can’t shoot for shit lol
his pullup jumper is always Sharpe
11/15 talking about efficiency, best player in the world
Can’t win without that Kat
Holy shit
Kd is + a win every time he feels...70%
Karl
[Wolves were like](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dah1EwGXUAEtp3p.jpg)
J'angelo Russel
Jarl Anthony Towns
The whole bench lol
I didn't even know this game happened period
Yeah they all played less than 30 because the game was in garbage time halfway through the 2nd. 

It was pretty much a shoot around.
They played the wolves....
Trust The Process
2 months ago it was Wolves fans vs Hornets fans part _______
He’s the only one on the team to play over 25 mins and played 33 that’s why it was so low.
It was a 30 pt blowout and he played the most minutes, of course he had a terrible single game plus minus lol
These efficiency fiends on r/Nba about to have a field day with Ant.
His stats is so funny. After the game I look at his stat and it’s like 8-25 and I’m like lmao he sucked. But he scored like 30 points
Game yday got postponed due to the murder of Daunte Wright in Minneapolis, but I had no idea it was played right now either.
It got postponed due to more hellworld shootings by police that killed a black man at a traffic stop in Minnesota yesterday
[Massive unrest in the Twin Cities and city is under curfew.](https://www.nytimes.com/article/daunte-wright-death-minnesota.html) Postponed from last night.
They rescheduled from last night because of another Black man getting killed by the police, and both teams have games tomorrow.
At least you got all those pick from the Nets tho, right?
Honestly KD will do whatever the fuck he wants as well
Chiozza will stop him
I think DeAndre has strenght to slow down Embiid in the post, just like Adams. If Joel is hitting from outside yeah we aren't stopping him.
I mean did you see the lineup we had? Who's gonna shoot? Ricky? Okogie? Ant is the only capable offensive player playing outside of DLo who was on a minutes restriction. When KAT is back he'll have to do less
>Not that the Wolves have that many scoring options, but I'm not sure playing like this is really helping Ant's developpment, like yeah it's cool hsi usage is crazy high so he gets points and some of his scoring flashes are really nice, but I'd really like to see some 16/5/5 games with decent defense on good efficiency, he has tools to be decent on defense, he has some passing vision.

Then because he's not having insane highlights and flashing stats, he's gonna be called a bust for focusing on the smaller details and polishing his game.
Kings fans salivating right now
9-12 free-throw tho
LMAOOO Playa Haters ball type comment

Cmon, what did you expect him to do
12 Ft attempts 🤔
It's irrelevant. Top(Bottom) 3 have the same odds at the top 3 picks. It would actually be better for us to be the third worst team record wise since it fucks with GSW's chances at the #4 pick.
"Fuck it. I'll do it myself."
Yeah, obviously he's still young. But I cant just let him off that. Especially when Ant is pulling 8 down and Ed Davis is pulling 10 down. He was against a rookie center and got made to look a damn fool
Yeah I tried to just enjoy it. But slightly hard to do
I love KAT and loved KG, Ants pretty cool too. 

Hate the team primarily due to... pretty much the entire staff. But I root for them too due to the players
Tbf we seem to have a lot of foreign fans. Our sub is one of the bigger ones too
he’s a loooong way from being 35% from the corner
He basically Skipped a whole season and a half, but he’s still the best player in the league
Can win with this KAT, but can't win with those cats
Jicky Rubio
suddenly skyrim
Jaden,Jaylen,Jake,Juancho,Jarret,Josh and Jordan
Nets have three players that provide essentially the same offensive output of embiid, if not more. 

Good luck to y’all, I hope the sixers or bucks or whoever else prevails against the nets. I wouldn’t bet anything on it though
I actually really enjoy watching him play but his shot selection needs a lot of work.

Obviously he's a rookie, he has a lot of time.
Harden would put up stats like that in Houston, you would see he had a 6-8  shooting night and think he was contained but he somehow managed to put up 30+ points.
I think Simmons can stop KD more than anyone on the nets can stop Embiid. It’s not a big difference but still something
Wrist injury :-( 

Nets are dropping like flies
This is not an attack on him, I'm just saying I hate those kind of games for young players, because it doesn't seem to matter but I've seen so many players (and not as talented) basically completly lose any sense of what a good shot or a bad shot is and what playing "winning" basketball is because of those kind of games.

There is no spacing, no other shot creation, suddenly a contested jumper is an okay shot, but when you are put in this position too many times you just never lose the bad habits.

It's early for Ant, and I'm 100% sure he has potential to be at least decent on defense and as a playmaker, but I really hope they help him develop those aspects of his game too.
As if Ant is the reason we lost....
Nah man. Hali scoring those efficient 10ppg means he deserves the award!!!
"My chance to get a ring as a player has arrive"
I know, I think the last one he took was an airball, lmao
[deleted]
> He basically ~~Skipped~~ THKYYUUUP'D a whole season and a half

FTFY
Now that's a Jenny
Eh, I've got him at 3 or 4 but he's still a contender.
He's not even the best player on the Nets
He’s not nor has he ever been the best player in the league.
He's NOT the best player in the league.
Used to a baller like you, until I took an arrow to my Achilles.
>Nets have three players that provide essentially the same offensive output of embiid, if not more.

You sure about that? Sixers are elite defensively, they're gonna make life hard for the trio whereas Embiid can feast uncontested.
True. He'll find his pacing
Noooo

We’ll have to depend on TLC’s elite defense
Oh yeah no doubt. This was an absolute bitch for him and it was bad that he's been put in that position. But he HAD to keep shooting
Not what I was trying to say. He barely shot the ball at all in the 2nd half and this los is not on him. But several Kings fans really want Hali to get ROTY so any ANT game, good or bad, is going to be something that some of them will be invested in.
-39 tho
He can’t help it if Fox is a god damn superstar
Stephen A. Smith
Who is above him besides Lebron?
Lol here comes the Lakers brigade.
Even if embiid averages 40, nets trio can each score 30 on any night, and they have Harris to get open shots too. 

Sixers defense is good, but what use is it when nets are blowing teams out every night
TLC might end up being starting 5 in the play offs the way things are going 🥲
I agree about tonight, and honestly I think Beasley being out might be as big as KAT, with the full roster, there could be games when the coach could say say "well Ant you are 2/7, and there are other options, how about you go 100% on defense and try to lock that guy up for a quarter" or something like that
Hell no, some dude of another fan base started this. Just like the whole Fox vs Ja thing. Now obviously Fox is way better, but that’s neither here nor there but it’s other fans comparing 2 bad bitches and making us pick one
So ± is the way to measure a player?
But Ant could average 25 ppg for a month+ next to KAT on 55% TS?
That's not Stephen A pun!
I'd take Curry over him and then there are a few players like Giannis, Kawhi, and Durant that might take the next spot.
He's not the best player in the league and never was bro
I'd say the best chance the Sixers have is for them to double Harden and try to suffocate his playmaking as much as physically possible. Make life hell for him and make him underpeform in playmaking. The best defenders go on him. Then hope that Kyrie goes cold for 4 games in the series so your best defenders can continue to focus on Harden during those 4 games. Then you let Durant go nuts so it becomes Durant vs Embiid. Then hope Embiid plays as good as he did in the Reg Season or better. If all 3 are clicking you lose that game.
Hopefully he regains his bubble form lol
Yeah I mean obviously Beasley isnt as good as KAT or as important to the team. But as a catch and shoot option he is elite and allows for space for Ant to work. Thats why we were so excited to see the full team. KAT, Beasley and DLo on the perimeter to allow Edwards and McDaniels drive and work the inside has so much untapped potential as an offensive scheme
i like how one of the requirements to win is to hope kyrie goes cold damn y’all desperate asf 😂😂
Bro who tf is guarding Harris and Shamet at that point? Like one of them is always open and they’re two of the best 3 pt role players in the league. One of them + a lob threat in claxton/deandre is essentially always on the court along with an elite playmaker. Not really sure what you do when you get to your bench players and their rotations still have some of the best players at their positions going. Even if you play simmons/embiid 40 minutes that’s still 16 total minutes where one’s not on the court and the nets are still shredding.
TLC been sandbagging all season so that the playoff teams will underestimate him
Yep lmfao thats the only chance Sixers or Bucks have. If all 3 click, you lose.
You'd have 2 on Harden and 1 on Durant, then you switch 2 defenders between Harris, Shamet and Kyrie and hope for the best lmao. You're gonna have to hope the likes of LMA and Blake don't hold up in the playoffs.
Joe Harris is a member of the Nets Big Four, idc what anyone says
When lakers shoot a 3 im already watching to see who’s getting back on D cause that shit ain’t going in
The Nets have made 65 3s this week. 

It's Thursday.
Cavs beat the Nets twice. Nets beat the Lakers. 

I think the conclusion is fairly obvious here gentlemen.
Joe Harris now leads the league in 3P%, TS%, and eFG% with shooting splits of 53.4/50.7/68.0 lol
["Who we trading???" ](https://i.imgur.com/QkPWRXh.jpg)
Should have taken LeBron out with the 27/7/7 stats, at least we would get something out of the game smh
I want a Lakers - Nets Finals.

Not even for all the HOF talent on the floor, but literally just for the toxicity of the game threads its A1 entertainment.

Biggest cesspool of LeBron/KD/Kyrie/Harden/Lakers/Nets Haters. Itd be glorious.
https://i.imgur.com/3y5TWFZ.jpg

lol, here you go u/BarbaricEsoteric
Waited all season for this game and 3 players were out smh
I don't know about you guys but I'm going to twitter. I want to die anyways
TLC chasing waterfalls tonight. The bench has so much confidence now thanks to Harden consistently finding them
11 dimes off 1 turnover, the Beard lowkey snubbed from an all star starter position
Andre Roberson actually played basketball in this game
Im still not used to the Nets being good
I bet Bron regrettin that no look 3 against HOU rn
TLC and Shamet are game changers for the nets. They both struggled a lot early in the year but If they play well you’re not beating this team.
8 for 30 from 3 and 16 TOs ain't gonna get it done even if AD and Schröder were out
11 assists and 1 turnover. Goddamn Harden
It’s okay laker bros. We lost to the nets pre harden when kd was out
Harden ends his 6 game losing streak to the Lakers cause no one beats him 7 in a row
Is this how Nuggets fans feel watching Jokic come in and play excellent then the rest of the team just can’t perform? Cuz thats what it felt like tonight with Lebron
I don't what know surprises me more. The Lakers losing by double digits at home or the Nets not conceding more than 100 points.
lebron needed me out there 🤦🏾‍♂️
Held the Lakers to under 100 points, thats pretty good
I remember being excited Deron Williams was our PG
Imagine if KD goes on Twitter and trash talks the Lakers after this
[BROOKLYN NETS WIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!](https://streamable.com/wm4jcr)


https://streamable.com/wm4jcr

[](/BKN)[](/BKN)[](/BKN)[](/BKN)[](/BKN)

This west coast trip has been going better than expected!  Shame to not have KD, and also to not have AD for the Lakers...hope they both get better soon.  



On to the next one, and then back home!

*Let's Go Nets!*

**BROOKLYN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**
Bron on the side line asking AD who he wants to trade for their third option.
Not much to take away from this game other than the Lakers are offensively inept when they're missing their second and third best player especially when LeBron sits (watching that bench try to buy a bucket was comedy).
Is Joe Harris God?
Nets played really well and I think showed how when they lock in they’re actually a solid defensive team, Green as a small ball 5 worked really well tonight. Not sure how it’ll work against AD cause he gave Green problems when he was on the Rockets last year, but I think the Nets have shown they can throw different defenses to disrupt bigs.

LeBron put up great stats but honestly didn’t look like himself out there aside from a couple incredible shots. Not driving against DJ was weird, and he passed up a few looks late in the shot clock to not mess up his FG%. Lakers just looked out of sorts, and kept getting lose on rotations.

Great win by the Nets, see y’all in a few months
The Account didn't balance shit tonight lol
Well that went how I expected it to go
Had to scroll for like 5 minutes to find this thread, that’s how you know the Lakers lost 🤣
Game isn't as close as the score indicates
Gimme your spiciest takes I’m ready
SCARY HOURS
What the fuck happened?
Joe “Joe Harris” Harris
Aye the West can talk all the shit about East they want but it's nice to know they can't say shit to us
I know this is just the regular season and the Lakers were missing Schroder too, but there's a lot made out of Lakers' depth and Nets' lack of. Yet, ironically, if one of Nets' stars get hurt they'll still be a huge threat, if it happens to Lakers it's Cancun in 3.
lol remember when a Lakers Nets matchup would have been a game no one gave a shit about like 3 or 4 years ago?
bruh how do career 30%+ 3 point shooters get cold for weeks when they have lebron james setting them up for like 5+ uncontested corner 3's a game  


it doesn't make any fucking sense  


lebron isn't going to outscore harden+kyrie+durant unless people hit 3 pointers when they're open  


i still think the lakers would do very well against the nets but holy shit their supporting cast is suppose to be better offensively but they somehow feel even less reliable this year, lakers really, desperately need someone to step up and be that third guy, kcp needs to hti shots again or kuzma needs to play more or something since he can at least score
Nets vs anyone final sign me up
clock winds down to 5 seconds left in game           
ball is inbounded to KCP who turns face to face against Harris            
"You took my family"         
moves to the left          
"You took my friends"          
moves to the right           
"You took all that was dear to me"           
clock winds down to 2          
"I cant get them back, but I can do this for friendship, FOR MY FRIENDS"           
goes up, fire coming out of his shoes           
"KCPRUKEN"           
Ball flies over Harris’s head, hits the side of the backboard. KCP falls to the ground,     exhausted.         
"Caruso... Senpai... I..."           
Faints           
Final Score            
Nets 103           
Lakers 63
A Lakers loss always makes for a good day.
Wow I don’t miss 2012
SCARY HOURS 👀
 GG Nets fans. Your team is really meshing well.
#NUMBER 1 OFFENSE PUT UP 109 ON US THIS IS A WIN IN MY BOOK
These 23/11 score lines every single night from Harden are nuts. It's like he just took the points he usually scores and just gets them via assists now instead.
Joey went off tonight
We may never lose again
Honestly, any season where the Lakers may not get a ring is a win for me. I am on team Nets.
Felt like the Lakers gave up kinda early there given three point variance really should extend games but I guess it’s the regular season and doesn’t really matter anyways.
fuck me we're good
This without Durant? Man am I not looking forward to playoff Nets
Joe Harris is klay 2.0
“We didn’t have AD” says the laker fans while the camera pans to Durant chilling on the bench
Final scores makes it seem closer than it is
LeBron needs to stop generating open shots and play like Kobe, this entire cast of shooters are JR Smith types and make contested 3s better than open shots
They really gave the Kyrie and KD, James Harden.
Nets win: 100 comments 

Nets lose: 2000 comments 

Fuck r/nba
LeBron can't win with these cats
Not as close as the score indicates
Scary
Adam Silver wont be able to save his lakers this year.
Going from Schroder and ADs defence to THT and Gasol's tonight hurt the soul. Really need our full roster and for us to start hitting 3's. I know this roster isn't 2016 golden state but we should still be shooting better than this..
SCARY HOURS HAVEN’T EVEN BEGUN
Josh Boone and Nenad Krstic’s careers died for this
Harden is so selfish that he only cares about his assits
Lakers fans really salty that nets players are smiling I’ve seen it all
Nets are actually starting to take shape and the league is in trouble
Our 3pt shooting are garbage. crazy also didn't help kcp in his  slump era.
I feel like Harris is the one who killed us ..
is he always shot like this?
Lakers can’t hit threes
I cannot believe how this game turned out lol
If the Lakers beat your team: it’s because your team sucks and they got out played.

If your team beats the Lakers: it’s because the Lakers are just coasting this year and not taking the regular season seriously, can’t be any other reason.
The Lakers outside of Bron and AD are dog shit. The supporting cast last season was way better, even if they weren't as "talented".
“reeeeeee bUt ThErE’s OnLy OnE BaLl”

Honest question. Was it just Lakers fans brigading al over the sub acting like they weren’t scared of the Nets or were the majority of people on here genuinely stupid enough to believe 3 top 10 players would be a failure
No one on the lakers could buy a bucket except lebron
“I’M 36!!! I’M 36!! STOP THROWING THE BALL!!”

https://youtu.be/jny0fATDVBo
It’s toxic as hell on social media right now. “Lefraud” was trending on Twitter smh lol
Sometimes I have this dream where I'm an NBA player and everything I shoot goes in. Then I watch Joe Harris and feel like this motherfucker is living my dream
https://streamable.com/d76siv
Must be nice to make wide open 3's.
People acting like the Nets ain't favorites out of the East

Lol FOH 3 top 15 players you BETTER fucking make it

They gonna see the Lakers in the Finals and LeBron gonna lose to a superteam in 5 or 6 again
Dang, Nets won without the GOAT playing? We winning the Championship this year, for sure!
11 point game but it wasn't even that close. BKN took their foot off the gas.

LLebron -7ames better get used to holding L's. KD's taking his throne back.
Lakers fans bouta bring up a world of excuses🤦🏾‍♂️
Nets played well but this just struck me as a scouting game for the Lakers. They know AD will give them a big advantage in a matchup against BKN but I think they wanted to experiment with what other things might work. They're not going to play like this in a finals matchup.
oh look the lakers stop playing against scrubs and lose...
Bad loss for the Lakers. No KD and kyrie had a shit game. Still couldn't get it done.
Watching Gasol play makes me wanna rip my hair out in frustration
Gasol and Jordan being best buds trying to extend each other's career with such poor defense
Perfect thread to sort by controversial
Joe Harris fucks boi
I've always loved Joe when he came here. Never thought it would be like this though.

Ordered his jersey after the win.
So the nets can play defense now???
Anyone know what mask AD was wearing when he was talking to LeBron?
The lakers lose but James not lose
Lakers really miss Howard/McGee.

&#x200B;

Pasol is poor, slow like a statue
this might be dumb but is there an advanced metric that measures how many passes per possession in a game for each team? or just total passes made for each team? seemed like nets were swinging it around a lot more to find the open guy whereas lakers took tougher shots on less passes but i want to confirm it if the data is available.
POV Youre the lakers:

Kevin durant is out. Phew. Kyrie’s not getting it done, nice. Alright now let’s just lock down harden and it’s a done deal, easy. Wait, what’s this? They still got Joe “Joey Buckets” Harris wide fuckin open.
The worst defense in the league against the greatest slasher of all time. And he had 6 FTA
Wait wait wait. When did the Nets get Andre Roberson?
anyone wanna bet me that LA will not repeat
Craziest thing about the game is that Kyrie and Harden didn’t really go off scoring-wise, it was their passing (specifically Harden’s) that boosted the team. It was the role players knocking down their shots. At one point, it seemed like everything Harris and TLC threw up was going in. DJ looked good on both ends. Our defense was good for the most part. The offense is so damn great that the Nets just need to play average defense to get these big leads. The victory isn’t as sweet because of players being out for both teams but a great W nonetheless.
Joe Harris is better than Kyrie.
It’s pretty hard to win a game when missing your 2nd best player am I right?

👀
Shout out to all the nets fans who acted like AD was playing after they won
I am just upset that Shammet was allowed to take out wes like that in the first half without a foul call
Lakers 0-1 against the Clippers, and 0-1 against the Nets

Oh and btw Caruso was god awful today but nobody will say it
Losing by 20 to a KD-less Nets

Yeah, we’re not winning the chip this year lol
Nets destroyed the Lakers without KD and with Kyrie injured, just give them the ring already.
well that went just about how i expected it to go. gg nets.
Well that went about as expected.  The late Schroeder s ratch really didn't help.
46% 3FG vs 26% 3FG... that'll do it
Felt like a damn this season Warriors fan or a 2018/ 2015 finals Cleveland fan seeing Lebron pop off and everyone else able to do jackshit to help him.
Didnt let me down on my 18th lesgoo
Jazz have this conference easy. Just put $10,000 on them winning the West
As I was walking back from burger King this evening with an order of large onion rings I was delighted to finally eat my favorite meal. Suddenly someone in a mickey mouse costume stole my bag! When he took off his mask while running it was Lemickey! Lebum left me crying and hungry. Shame on you lefraud!
All star bully ball vs loneBron is BACK! My favorite kind of nba basketball
No one brought anything offensively other than LeBron and Kyle Kuzma. The only other player to score in double digits was Harrell, with 10 points.

We need to shoot better from the 3. 26.7% tonight is not good enough.

We were without Anthony Davis, and Dennis Shroeder, two of our top 3/4 players. We definitely felt their absences tonight.

Always disappointed to lose, but on to the next one.
Nets haters are on suicide watch
These two being in the finals would be the best just because of the sheer entertainment that this subreddit would create around it
The Nets with recent Q1 wins against Phoenix, Clippers and Lakers, all without KD. Sure, Clippers and Lakers are missing a couple bodies, but is it about time the narrative changes. No one is beating this team in the East if their big3 are healthy and they give a slight fuck on defense, not even the Sixers. If they somehow manage to get Drummond is game over.
Nets really starting to roll even without KD...to go unbeaten on this trip would be some feat as it was a tough road trip on paper
We had trouble scoring when two of our best scorers were out, how about that?  That was rough.
PREDICT: Jazz vs Nets Final
The lakers are coming off the shortest post season of all time. Calm down. People complain about Stepha A but act like him. And James harden can no longer claim he is from La , let lebron chase his ass out the west . He literally got chased out . Type of shit is this
Why is Vogel only giving Trez 15 minutes? AD is out he should be the one getting more minutes.
To hear that we weren’t going to have two of our best players today, this loss wasn’t as surprising to me. Nets 3’s have been super on point lately no doubt. GG, Brooklyn.
It’s crazy because if the lakers hit a remotely respectable rate of **open** 3s... they would’ve won.
Kyrie really running his mouth last night and played a trash ass game.
Kyrie is a child and he needs LeFathering.
Jazz break 3point records: ...

Nets break 3point records: They're unstoppable!!
So glad the nba could enjoy one season of parity before we have to go back to watching bron get blown out by whatever super team was constructed specifically to beat him 🙄
He's basically a Klay Thompson-lite.
he’s the brooklyn klay thompson
Maybe he becomes the Rondo of the Nets (in terms of Celtics Big 3).
JO3
feels like Stojakovic for the kings
He’s paid like it.
Ayo 😂
[deleted]
we have 5 guys shooting 50% from field and 40% from 3
If Cabarot is knocking down 5 threes you can’t expect to win. The stars didn’t even show up tonight. The roleplayers just played at a high level. And woof Wesley Matthews and KCP. Good lord those guys looked like they shouldn’t even be getting minutes.
Your comment reminded me of Nelly in Shake Ya Tailfeather “8 girls this week and it’s only Tuesday”
The Jarrett Allen Era has begun in Cleveland
The East runs through Cleveland as it always does, nothing to see here
Lebron to the Cavs confirmed
In all seriousness it's MUCH different when two high caliber teams play each other than any other random game in the season, but since KD and AD were both out this game isn't all that telling. If they would have played though I'd give it some more credit as a litmus test and not necessarily just the result but a way to see how they played each other.
Yes, but who's better the Wizards or the Cavs?
Cavs gonna sweep LeBron in the finals. Then they're gonna talk trash since they proved they can win without him.
Wizards beat the Nets twice. Nets beat the Lakers, Wizards beat the Nuggets, Nuggets beat  [?]
the Cavs are better off without LeBron?
LeReturn
The Central is the only division we have a losing record against. That is entirely due to Sexman
Let’s continue your conclusion 
Bucks beats Cavs thrice and Raptors beat bucks twice.
It’s coming north this year gentleman.
We play down to shit teams. We are 10-1 against winning teams
joe “i just work here” harris
that's my mf boy
I’ve seen so many people say Nets should trade Joe for Drummond or another defensive player... what a joke
68% on free throws???
Ultra Instinct Joey
Gravity.
Joe Harris with Kyring and Durant to space and take off offensive pressure, and Harden to pass him the ball is a cheat code.  Perfect 4th man for them.  

&#x200B;

Then again, I've been high on him for a while, cause he comes out of UVA.  UVA finds good-great shooters (Brogdon is another UVA guy for example).
Joe Harris is who Seth Curry thinks he is
I had literally never heard him speak until after the game today.
Wahoowa
who is the last non-center to lead the league in effective field goal percentage over a full season? Has anybody done it since Nash?
That my mycareer stats
He’s my favorite player on the team. Not as a diss to the others, I’ve just always liked Harris’ game, dude let’s his game do all the talking.
why his FT% so low tho, kinda weird
"Let's get that Timothé Luwawu-Cabarrot guy"
LeBron be like yo ad you gotta hurry up and come back
CALL KYRIE RIGHT NOW

KYRIEEEEEE, WHY YOU NEED JAMES? WHY YOU NEED KD??
Literally lmao.
About to send Caruso back to the UPS
What's the point of all this mask enforcement if players wear it in a way that makes a mask pointless
“Everyone except Caruso”
Lmao
LeBron looking at AD as dead weight.
where the wokies at still defending lebron after wearing a mask like that?
man scored 35k career points😂
Were still waiting on it aren't we
The game theads would be a literal shit show lmaooo
Are you trying to use up all the salt in the world?
[deleted]
I want a 9 game series
I don't for non-selfish reasons
Sign me up
you know the NBA wants it too. RIP sixers and bucks
Lol this is literally why this was prob the game I was most hyped about all season, hope we can see it again in the playoffs, esp with a true healthy AD and KD, everyone playing at full health and strength.
I didn't think I'd ever see something more toxic than Warriors vs Cavs/Rockets and yet here we are
Kyrie in the finals would make this sub have an aneurysm
Is there a way to have the Clippers in there as well for good measure?
The NBA is broken hahah
Im checking in at 9am European time and it’s 550 upvotes to 600 comments. Pls let this be the finals man I need all that copium.
That would be miserable for all the non Nets/Lakers fans that want a likeable team to root for
Yes. Yes I want this. I want this very much.
It'd be the pinnacle of NBA Twitter
I despise the Nets for forcing me to root for the Lakers
Clippers - Nets would be more toxic
Three of the most hated players going up against the golden boy of this sub. Will be beautiful to watch the salt fest after the Nets take it
Lol, Nets will sweep them, Lebron is KD's son
LeBron would just quit and leave after the series.
Hahaha this is perfection, man. Thank you!
Sim you fucking Goat
Lmao
This is the one.
Instant classic.
lol nice
Gonna start use this instead of the OG tbh
GOAT
This is too perfect lol
u/pm_ur_favSONG
4 - AD, Schroder, KD, Dinwiddie
4 people
Tight
LeFraud is actually 0-74 in the Finals

46-83: Too lazy to even be born

84-03: Too lazy to even show up

03-05: Missed playoffs

06-11: Lost

12: Baby Thunder 

13: Ray Allen

14/15: Lost

16: Injured Warriors 

17/18: Lost 

19: Missed playoffs

20: Mickey Mouse Summer League Ring
After a double-digit Laker loss? Fucking madlad
That's being torture to death. You sure you don't want a quick one
The Harden effect is beautiful to watch. Just nonstop offensive pressure no matter who is out there with him
Harden consistently leads some of the best offenses in NBA history, so much slander on this sub
Only complaint is their knack for getting demolished in garbage time and making games look closer than they were.
This was the biggest thing from the Harden trade imo. He's going to get other guys involved so much better than KD and Kyrie will, and Jeff Green or Joe Harris randomly showing up and dropping 20 makes Brooklyn a lot more dangerous
We don't want no scrubs, while we creep to the finals
TLC is the 🐐
Wait what movie or show was I watching that made a joke about someone referencing TLC songs all the time
Straight up had that song in my head when I read this comment. So weird
Forreal, ppl underrating harden this year because he’s not putting up 30+ every game. HIs efficiency on the nets has been fuckin godly while just dominating games with his passing and rebounding a lot too. Dude is the best guard in the east and has been playing like it too and just isn’t getting the attention because he’s not putting up absurd scoring numbers. Watching him completely control games without even needing to score a lot has been a joy, his facilitating is next level this year.
How tf did Kyrie get placed in front of him??? lmfao
I'm obviously gonna get downvoted, but we're gonna put a guy as an all star starter that just sulked his way out of his contract while straining covid rules and joining two other top 10 players?

League is in a weird fucking place.
How’d he look?
Doesn’t feel right to have this many wins. Bring back 12-70.
Still have vivid memories of our losing streaks, getting 1 win was magical lol, last Suns game brought back memories of that, guess the growth and change even though difficult moments is what makes this team so much fun to watch
It's glorious
I'm bracing myself for a 2017 Cavs-esque roll through the East with this Nets team. It's gonna happen.
Sean Marks is the messiah.
Enjoy it. Fully on board after seeing how bad LeGroupies have been shitting all over the Nets, really want it to work out for tou
It's very weird not being obsessive about 2nd round prospects and which horrible contracts we can take on for a late first anymore.
Clippers Nets finals will be spicy.
Sean Marks is my equation
I still don't understand how you got Harden. You have three fucking all star starting calibre players on your team... It's kind of crazy.
"JAMES HARDEN WENT TO THE NETS??!?!?!?"
LOL
If they're knocking down open 3s this team is just unguardable.
I miss our boys 😢
i love landry i’m so happy for him 😭
And that lowered his average assists on the season.  He needs KD back so he can get like 3 more free ones a game and average 13-14ish for the season.
I love your name

Fire Easterby
He's starting to look like Tyrese Haliburton lite. He could be really good in a few years if he keeps it up
Yeah but that was pre-super saiyan jazz.
Yea but the guys that kicked your ass that game are gone :(
You guys forgot how to lose since that new York trip
thats bc Allen sonned Gobert lol
laker what? bros? i don’t think so.
Didn’t he game 1 against LA last year? I think he also won a game in the regular season against them
 LeBron was that Jokic before Jokic was.
Kuzma had a good game but everyone else shit the bed pretty hard. Caruso was particularly awful on offense tonight
This is how Cavs fan felt for most of Lebrons career
It's been like that since LeBron's first season in LA
Let me tell you the tale of the young King, Big Z and Little Mo. If you think Joker has it bad, then you are mistaken.
This is how you can spot a true Lakers fan.... They're unaware of what Lebrons career was like prior to joining the Lakers lol. The carrying he did in 18 was criminal
lol lebrons been doing that since 2004 my man this isn't jokic shit
Yah exactly like that.
No, it's not the same feeling. Jokic has no 3-6 ft and 1-6 3 pts 👻
Lebron "Despite the Loss" James
We fucking suck at home.
*Held Lebron to under 100 points 😭😭
That’s what I was happiest about this game, it felt like we were actually executing on defense rather than just scoring. Obviously a win’s a win, but it always feels nice to see good d, especially since we haven’t played a ton this year.
"Nets gotta score 130 every night cuz they're going to give up 120 every night"
But I thought we couldn’t play defense?
i remember being upset that deron williams was your PG
Dark times indeed.
Why would I do that
Goes from Klay, Steph, and Draymond to Kyrie, Harden, and Harris. This guy is livin the dream. The real LeCoast.
How do you know he hasn't already
He probably is trash talking with his burner accounts
Lol I love Nash dance videos
OUR HEAD COACH IS ON TIK TOK
alternatively, the Nets are still very good even without Kevin fuckin Durant
The cope artists are out 😂😂😂
wait do people really think schroder is the third best player on the lakers?
Joe Jesus 2.0
Joey Moses
>Green as a small ball 5 worked really well tonight.

He tried really hard to guard Lebron but it didn't matter at all. 

Nets still need a Big against the likes of AD
"Lebron didn't look like himself" Im sorry did you expect LeBron to take every shot, and just throw his body into the sawmill in an attempt to carry this clearly problematic Lakers team to another win? LeBron literally is trying to give the offense some motion, yet he passes the ball off and you got THT taking some of the worst drives ever imagined, people taking a solid 3 seconds before even thinking about shooting, or just passing the ball back to LeBron..

LeBron knows this team needs to be involved on offense, and so far there is nothing, just bricks, hesitation, weird 1v5 drives without even looking for an open guy.. Team needs to be coached
I got one.
Giannis will never make the finals with the bucks
Joe Harris is mvp
Cavs make the playoffs
Is Harden the Caruso stopper?
Lakers are frauds, got lucky because of the bubble /s
Harris kept hitting his 3s

Lebron only one putting in work 

Trezz with no defense 

Laker Bench was lost
[removed]
Cancun in 3?  I'm sure it'll happen eventually.  In bron's 47th season.  Maybe
Leave Ted out of this
this
Harden effects He makes everyone better
It like those teams didn’t even exist 😂
> bruh how do career 30%+ 3 point shooters get cold for weeks when they have lebron james setting them up for like 5+ uncontested corner 3's a game

Welcome to Houston-era Harden.
It’s frustrating seeing the wide open looks he creates that turns into bricks while the other team makes contested ones all net. I know the ball has a little bit more weight on it when lebrons darting you the ball than any other player lol
Nets vs twolves who says no
Lmao wtf hahaha
Harris is a generic white male
Lakers lose, America wins
I hate the fact that Suns fans hate us cause I was always a Nash fan and I watch you guys a lot even now...but if I wasn't a Lakers fan I would totally hate the Lakers too
at this rate brooklyn nets must as well be oklahoma city nets :')
See y'all in the Finals
Look at the quarter scores lmao we slowed down big time in the 4th
Worst defense in the league held you to less than 100 tonight 🤣
Dude has a 67%TS on the nets too lol, he is playing out of his fuckin mins and it’s going under the radar because he’s not scoring 35 every night. If he watch these games tho harden just completely controls them with his gravity and his facilitating, it is awesome to watch. Should be starting in the all star game, without a doubt the best guard in the east.
Nets🤝Jazz
Oh how the turntables
[deleted]
Joe Harris is great but this is disrespectful to Klay
we didn't have Dennis either who has been exceptional defensively against star guards this year. With all 3 healthy, this game goes either way
And we know for a fact kd>AD. We get a better big and we viral
So many of brooklyn matches seem like close game In reality they are blowing teams in 3th quarter
fr they got within 10 during garbage time, lakers were losing by 20 when the starters got benched
I'm gonna go ahead and guess this thread will have more than 100 comments
The Lakers lost. This will get Lakers haters and LeBron haters in here.
>Fuck [r/nba](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba)

Having dealt with that for the past several years: amen, brother!
pretty sure that’s because you lost to the fucking wizards and cavs
The team is just bad and the situation can’t be fixed
Yea garbage time Nets make any 20+ lead close to 10 without fail
Hours
How much help does Lebron neeeed
Yeah you not paying attention? He never misses
Harden gets him open gym level 3's pretty much every single game.
Yes.
nah TLC was, role players love dicking us down lol
Well he is one of the best shooters in the nba rn
We really need the all star break lol. Everyone but LeBron and Kuz has been ass after the first 10 game or so
Bro literally no one has said that at all in like 2 months.
I mean it’s almost identical to last year when Bron sat. At least we had some rim protection though.
They were far more focused and executed better up to this point, but this group is more talented. I think we’re seeing the lack of practice time this year, because the Lakers guards were blowing rotations almost every single time down the court.
I wanted to keep Dwight over Harrell but otherwise the acquisitions weren't the wrong ones, just poor job integrating.

The problem is we have no offensive system in the regular season, we had the same problems last year but this time AD has been injured so the issues are even more glaring

I know Vogel saves some adjustments for the playoffs but his offense needs to be better. He can't just coast offensively like he did last year
Why does this happen with every Lebron team? The team is built around him and AD as the central anchors (plus y’all were missing Schroeder) and they’re dogshit when they can’t beat a top 4 team in the league? Stop this shit, this lakers squad is fucking loaded you just lost to a more equipped team tn smdh
They added Schröder and Trez and their offense is still fucking shit smh
That supporting cast last yr clicked at the perfect time and it was basically impossible to beat you
“BuT We’Re NoT WoRrIeD AbOuT tHe NeTs”

sure died quick huh
>Schroeder?
The latter, r/nba has a lot of really bad takes
>or were the majority of people on here genuinely stupid enough to believe 3 top 10 players would be a failure

Kinda the same last season for the Lakers people were doubting Lebron and AD.
The media makes stupid takes to get people talking, and people on here are too stupid to ever realize that, so they believe it and repeat it.

Usually it's two opposing takes presented, and they hype and push the really stupid one especially hard. They also alternate who gets the stupid take at times. If there was a way to force the media to be honest all the time, you'd pretty much just get "the more talented team usually wins in the NBA".
Kyrie isn’t top 10
The nets are nasty I'll give them that, but the Boston Celtics when healthy are a force of nature 🍀
KD didn’t even play last night...That says more about the “throne” than anything else
KD had a throne?
Same here with landry shamet and deandre jordan
few days ago, this was his debut
And 3rd
What if you're missing your best player?
League is fucked when we get Shump back, then you’ll all see
I think the refs just feel sorry for Shammy at this point. He looks completely clueless most of the time.
And 0-1 against Golden State too!
[deleted]
Missing a DPOY talent and 2nd best scorer and our third best scorer and after having the shortest off season of all time. Stop overreacting ffs. Last season we lost against the Celtics by 30, against the bucks and Clippers and still won. Chill tf out
Have some faith my guy
People said the same shit when you guys beat the Lakers last year lol we saw how that turned out
You’re a brave man to bet against LeBron in the play-offs.
The Nets had the big 3 vs the clippers, Kd put up like 28 that game on like 13 shots
... after the Hornets narrowly lose to the Nets in a riveting 7 game Eastern series, of course
Dude would get abused in the PnR by Harden.
LeSalt
Looks like short kevin love
Same college coach
Klay Thompson is basically a poor man’s Joe Harris

There, I fixed it.
Klay wished he would be as efficient as Joe Harris
Without the d
What a lazy comparison
Grey Thompson?
My favorite Rondo was when he became the best player on the team before tearing his ACL.  The man would regularly put up stat lines that were like 11 points, 19 assists, 14 rebounds.  It was a brief, awesome time.
Better to have all this happen in Feb than April.
He's not declining. He's regressing to the mean. He was never an elite shooter.
that’s absolutely batshit crazy
the Lakers ran like 3 of their 1st 5 actions for KCP --- think all 3 led to turnovers
Harden definitely showed up tho, he was great
How did Harden not show up?
Harden had the most points of any Brooklyn Nets player and the second most points of any player in the game. I don’t think I would call that “not showing up”.
KCP was shooting a pretty high percentage from 3 earlier in the season. I guess that has come back down to earth and now he’s the same ole dude
KCP often looks like he shouldn’t get any minutes. So I’m fully expecting him to go on a 2-3 week stretch knocking down about 60% of his open 3s
> If Cabarot is knocking down 5 threes you can’t expect to win.

As long as you aren't the Lakers this wont happen, on god every role player decides to become Curry against us lmao
KCP is def in a slump, as he was playing lights out early this year.
East runs through Cleveland.

Also I would love that as a first round matchup. Sexton gonna go HAM
If they'll even take him. Maybe on account that he played high school ball nearby.
Lebron in a Cavs jersey? Psh that'd never happen.
To be fair the cavs won twice back to back. The nets had every reason for a revenge game the next night but the cavs won anyways. Plus we forced Bron to go full LeBronto to beat us. The cavs play since then however is a different story.
But you won handedly.  Big win for you guys, IMO, concerning to me.
they were smart to lock him up. He's underpaid lmao

that type of spacer next to superstars is a cheat code
Listen here you little shit. You’re gonna trade him for Drummond and you’re gonna like it
Joe and Dinwiddie got this team to where it is now. Fuck anyone who wants them traded.
i gotta agree, in the playoffs a lot of times it ends up being a matchup hunting game and it sorta slows down. i can see the playoff defense being just switch everything and make their best player beat your 3 best players. no way you can double them when they're all on the floor
Joey Buckets rides forever
Maybe not Drummond, but he's the perfect piece to get someone for their defense. They will be a historically good offensive team with or without him. They need to fill a need right now and Harris is at peak value.
No serious person that follows the nba says that. That’s asinine
Not to shit on Joe Harris; he's an excellent shooter. Having said that, any competent three point threat would have roided up numbers if they were starting on the Nets.

Harris is good, but lets be real. He's putting up those numbers because he's got so much freedom to shoot the ball because the Nets have Kyrie, Harden, and Durant. If Joe Harris is putting 40 on you, your defensive game is pretty god damn good.

Harris is a good shooter, it just bugs me when people attribute  his numbers to his growth or him being in a "system that allows him to finally shine". Its none of that. He is just a good three point shooter on a team with James Harden, Kyrie Irving, and Kevin Durant.

This is why he's Joe "I just work here" Harris. Cause even he knows why his stats are so good.
he's worth a quality big like Boucher, possibly even Vucevic
We'll see how a bottom 5 defense does in the playoffs. History isn't on your side.
He’s only shot 23 the whole season, but yeah weirdly enough he’s never been a good ft shooter.
He’s only shot like 20 of em, small sample size
He's trying to be the inaugural member of the .500/.500/.500 club. Leave him be.
That scrub should start shooting them underhanded.
50/47.9/97.5 (65.2 TS%) is no slouch either lol
lol rockets fans hate all the curries or something?
Seth curry was playing really well until he got covid so idk what you're saying
Please shut up
Steph
lol Joe just does his thing on the court and disappears. He doesn’t even use social media.
to his credit he's actually gotten a lot more comfortable and personable doing interviews than when he came into the league. Even from a few years ago, remember how awkward he was after he won the three point contest?
Same, I really expected him to sound different
Parker, no?
He’s never shot well from the line oddly. Never shot above 83% in the pros, was high 70s in college even though he was a crazy 3 point shooter at the time as well.
As other have said, small sample size is part of it: expect him to revert to his career of around 78%, which is still pretty low given his 3P%. 

My best guess is that his 3 point shooting is all jump shots (literally, he jumps pretty high for every shot), and so the mechanics don't translate as smoothly to flat-footed free throw shooting.
Playing Lebron is like showing up for tryouts lmaoo
Nah when role players start playing for Lebron they automatically become ass at shooting
The funny thing is Nets fans wanted him gone.
Nah LeBron would be like "Whats his name? Tina Fey? Yeah he could be a good fit."
"Pope for Harris, who says no?"
"Let's get the Carrot guy"
"......"


"GET OFF MY PHONE!"
I'M THIRTY SIX!!
tbf, my Fedex mailman looks about 80% like Caruso, except he's about 5'7" so no chasedown blocks for my guy unfortunately
Fucking ruthless
I'd agree with you if it was LeBron and a media member, but AD would've been in close proximity to him without a mask for half an hour if he was playing tonight lol
Watching KD all game wearing a chinstrap, couldn't help but wonder why he keeps missing time due to health and safety protocols.
It’s been mostly performative in all sports.
There literally is no point to mask enforcement, the real question is why do they have them at all.
tell me how lebron can wear that mask correctly, he big face
It'd be like the 2017 Playoffs OKC vs Houston thread but in nuclear steroids.
Pure unadulterated chaos
Cleveland fans are ready for it!
I’m here for it
When are game threads not shit shows?
> literal 

No, I don't think so.
Lmao the best part would be the fact that Harden,KD and Kyrie would be the “heroes” and the underdogs. Lakers are trying to repeat so they would be the heavy favorites.
We've had mask shortages, TP shortages, GPU shortages, power shortages and now salt shortage??!
Would it be worse than a clippers nets finals?
This
27 game series because why not
I have no reason to agree with u but I choose to
You guys will sweep the Lakers
You clearly haven't been in many Lakers game threads if you think LeBron is the golden boy of this sub lol
No u
No probs mate, good call on the matchin faces lol!
Fits the meme to a T
Is this a nask or a beard lol
Haven't been paying attention, any updates on Dinwiddie or is he out of the season?
Me and my family were watching Mickey Mouse Club House when Mickey was proposing to Minnie, suddenly LEFRAUD popped up and stole the RING 💍 my daughter asked me why did he steal the ring? I had to tell her it's because he can't get a ring on his own. Shame on you Lemickey!
Don’t even get me started about all the finals after he retires
As an honest Lakers fan, it pains me to say it's time to move on from Lebron and AD. Lebron is aging and AD is way too injury prone. Their value would never be higher and if we flip them for some younger pieces and picks, our future will be better than the present. Pains to say as an honest Lakers fan
FUCK! Mickey Mouse Ring gets me everytime
I feel like the same people have 500 excuses for all of the Patriots/Brady's rings.
Win a real ring 🤡🤡🤡🤡
RIP to all those idiots who actually respond upset
Okay "Too lazy to even be born" got me good.  Thanks for the pasta.
Has anyone put the Mickey Mouse clubhouse theme over the lakers on the championship stage yet
Needs the clown emojis
>Baby Thunder

i dont get that one
Harden made Ben „out of the league“ McLemore and Danuel House looking like solid players
Scraped the second seed that one year rolling with Francisco Garcia, Kostas Papanikolau, Jason Terry, Pablo Prigioni, Donatas Motiejunas, Joey Dorsey, Alexey Shved and Trevor Ariza for 20 games lol
nah dude harden couldn’t win a game 7 against a superstacked warriors team in 2018 so he’s total garbage
he is the offense lol
He brings the slander on himself when he fails to perform in the playoffs every year, but sure we'll pretend he doesn't choke it away constantly.
So the rockets coaching was shit this whole time?
its hard to raise our net rating when we constantly blow leads in garbage time
It's actually impressive. I'm not even mad.
this seriously bothers me so much. 

we were up 36 in the Pacers game and won by 10

we were up 28 in the Warriors game and won by 17

we were up 28 in the Kings game and won by 11

we were up 25 tonight and won by 11

our scrub lineup is the absolute worst of any scrub lineup in the league. It's like shocking when they make a basket or get a stop
And that's such a tiny thing to complain about too :-D couldn't give a fuck, a W is a W is a W.
Yet people always say "there's not enough ball to go around". Its like they never watched the man play just narratives
you realize even before harden got here, Harris and Green were balling out
lol even Shamet gained confidence. They entire team thinks they are snipers now. And they kind of are.
The bench mobs, They ain’t too proud to beg
TLC is a peacock, you gotta let him fly
They are all peacocks, just gotta let them fly
The Other Guys
That's how he looked when Mike D'Antoni first got to Houston and before we acquired CP3. I liked the 35+ PPG Harden, but I liked the leads-the-league-in-assists Harden even more!
Best guard in the league. Who's better?
Because Kyrie is also having a fantastic year.
Is Kyrie top 10 now? I know he's been playing like it this season but didn't know what the consensus was. LeBron, Harden, KD, Steph, Kawhi, Jokic, Giannis and then you got that backend of players like Embiid who is playing like a MVP, Dame, Luka, PG maybe? Idk if I'm missing anyone. I would say Kyrie is a top 9-13 player but not firmly in the top 10
That stuff is totally irrelevant to how they play basketball ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
He had a nice block and looked solid on D, granted he only played like 3 mins.
We have a winning *road record*, wtf...
Bro I still remember when I was just happy about Devin Harris being a Net lol
Everytime I think of that 12-70 team, I like to think this is the Nets organization taking a big ass shit on Courtney Lee for wanting out. Not saying it wasn't justified, but fuck you. 

All jokes aside, I'm not used to it either. Feels weird. Sometimes I forget that KD and Harden are Nets players because they haven't really been here that long (KD's real first season playing).
Oh man I sat courtside when we snapped the 0-18 start, it honestly felt like we won the championship with the way the players celebrated.
I’m just waiting for Marks to rip his mask off and it’s a now slim Billy King with a steel chair from behind
I've been a Nets fan since 2005. Watched almost every game. Yes even the Sundiata Gaines era Nets. However, I've stopped watching the past few years because of life stuff but Ive still been checking in on r/nba here and there. I don't believe it.

I still can't believe we finally have a good team.
It was so funny seeing them jumping through hoops talking about there's only one ball, chemistry, culture lmao. That and the crazy fans who somehow didn't want Harden on their team.
how are people so obsessed with the 1% idiotic fanbase that everyone has? Every lakers post on every social media platform is filled with LeFraud copy pastas and spams, I see the same Nets fans below every post commenting some shit. And I couldnt care any less about them lol... Imo always so immature to be mad about or hate somebody because of their 1% idiots in their fanbase..
bruh you have like 10 comments on this thread talking shit about Bron in some capacity. How bad do you want this mans nuts in your mouth? You gotta grown man living rent free in that peanut brain of yours lmfaoo
"I'm not Thanos"
*mets
[wait what](https://imgur.com/gallery/GYKbe)
Yeah that's all they need from them lmao. Just hit the wide open shots that you *will* get because you're playing with 3 superstars. They do that and it's smooth sailing to the finals.
Took him a while to start hitting shots, like this week was the start. Happy he’s finding his footing.
Into the sun
Idk I'm real disappointed in that turnover. Bush league tbh
i wouldn’t go that far, but this harden guy is looking like a real good player.
Yeah wtf?
It's 6 because the most recent 6 games are the 4 from the Lakers gentleman sweep and then losing both in the Rockets-Lakers B2B this year.
Nope. Lose both games earlier this season with the Rockets.
Jokic is averaging numbers lbj has never reached. 

27/11/8 on 65% TS... that’s never been done before.
That’s a good sign long term at least for Kuz, he’s been on a good run as of late.
In the playoffs right? Cuz the Cavs had some serious regular season success throughout LeBron's tenure
It's been like that since LeBron's first season
No it hasn't lol. Our second and third best player are out, but we've definitely had good players on the team. Stop exaggerating.
Lmao, Lakers fans like you are insane.
I'm not saying it applies to this game, but a friend brought up the crazy stuff happening this year and chalks it up to the crowd. No more 10k+ crowds talking in your ear = more communication on defense, role players just get to play and not worry about pressure from the crowd.

Like it's crazy in a good way.
Nets were excellent defensively tonight. Forced a ton of turnovers and super active.
 i mean lakers were missing two of their top three scorers so....
I mean their defense has been dogshit since the Harden trade lol, that’s just a fact.
You're not going to play teams missing 2/5th of their starting lineup every game.
Lakers legit are missing 2 of their top 3 players and none of the role players were hitting open looks
We’ve been absolute garbage from three for what feels like an eternity. We got so many good looks tonight.
This game shouldn't be indicative of Nets defense in any sort of way. We got 3 starters missing and our offense has been dog shit for a few weeks now. Your defense is probably still shit
it's not that hard to play defense when the opponent is bricking open shots
The Lakers are missing AD and Schroeder....
Uh, KD, this is your PR guy here. Please don't make it so obvious. They're gonna find this burner now.
stop pretending to be me
I love Joe Harris but it is very funny seeing you list him with those other five players.
when you think about it, he spent a good chunk of those post-OKC finals years injured before finally leaving for GSW, his first two years in the league were the only years he had no hope for the season
What’s your real name?
Dude looks good for his age.
the two top scorers in the league? say it aint so
i mean when you have James Harden and Kyrie Irving, I'd sure hope so they are still good
I will admit the Nets are a force to be reckoned with, but it's hard for me to determine whether they should be the favorites without a large enough sample size of games against teams at full strength. Their defense was passable tonight, but it's a matter of being consistent. Teams rarely win championships without at least an average defense.
The annoying af fanboys are out 😂😂😂
If not schroder, who's third in your opinion?
He absolutely is.

Schroeder has struggled with his shot at times but he's very important to the Lakers on offense and defense.

If Kuzma keeps playing the way he does he might have an argument but he's been coming off the bench to this point and hasn't had consistent minutes, but he has been awesome.
lol nobody can guard LeBron or AD, just stop. That's why especially LeBron is an all time great.

You can only hope they turn the ball over some times and work for their points, because there is no shutting them down. 

LeBron was hitting long mid-range turn around fadeaway jumpers. If you can force him to take that shot, that is considered good defense.
Calling the team clearly problematic when the main leaders of our bench unit in AD and Schroder were out is a stretch. I agree they need to be coached up, but it’s hard to do that when you’ve only been able to practice 9 times this whole season because people are banged up. Team is in a funk, I’m not gonna overreact to it because I’ve seen what Frank, Bron, and AD can do when it matters most.

Are there things that need to be worked on? Absolutely, this Nets team is better than we realized. But if last year was any indicator, we’re really good at seeing how a team is gonna play against us the first time and making adjustments the next time we see them
This is just a fact I see no spice
Oh god, I hadn’t thought about that. Bucks are fucked 😟
Def spicy .
Lakers fans are a different breed lmao
AD will be right there with him.
L 😐
Just makes me miss DLo :/
They just interviewed him and I already forgot what he looks like.
I don’t know Brooklyn thunder sounds better
To be fair it wasn't really garbage time till the 3 min left mark when Kyrie and LeBron and Harden were all out so I'll still take the small W there!
clearly joking dork
Lakers' own offense held them to <100
It's reminding me of Magic, but Harden's a better scorer. 

People kind of forgot about Magic it almost feels like. Like people will mention him but most people on here never saw him play. They called him Magic for a reason, that's not actually his real name.
> The worst part was that LeBron still looked like the only won trying to win still.

Kuz was great
> LeBron kept single handedly pulling this game back to 10, only for the bench to play like complete shit and extend the deficit back to 20.

The Cavs classic.
How is it disrespectful? Doesn‘t Joe Harris have the best 3pt stats in the NBA right now?
lol you're kidding yourself. Maybe on another night, but tonight it wouldn't have mattered.
this is my first nets game that I've watch so yea, never pay attention to him until now. crazy he shot like klay
Look at any lebron thread
Lol I’m sure the Lakers fans will come give you the upvotes you’re begging for
Yeah, this seems pretty reactionary especially since you guys were missing 2/3 of your best players.  They were also missing KD so there's that.
Dwight and mcgee was huge plus to lakers Marc gasol and Trezz was downgrade honestly
Plus it's just regular season. Playoff LeBron is a different beast. I don't know why this has to be said every damn year. People are dumb.
Just curious, how many Lakers games hve you watched this season?
schroder didn't even play lmao
Trezz with the classic double figures in points and -19
Schroder’s too inconsistent and Trez is being misused. There’s so many stretches this whole season where Trez doesn’t even touch the ball for consecutive possessions. He’s not being involved on offense, so I really don’t get why they signed him because it for sure isn’t for defense
Yeah their potential is definitely higher and they do have a better cast they just aren't performing or are injured right now.
You guys would’ve beat them last season, I’m certain of it. Just a shame you choked it due to so many internal problems with guys like Trez and Lou, hopefully it’s all patched up this post-season
I’m not worried about them yet. We didn’t have AD and Schröder. They didn’t have KD. Is what it is. Hope we get them back the next game.
Their big 3 is scary, but they still haven’t proven anything. This is looking like the same Clipper overreactions as last year smh
Too inconsistent
Remember when the rockets went small, and beat the lakers the same day? Or what about when the clippers went 2-0 against the lakers and beat em on Christmas Day?
I promise you bro. Schroeder is not a game changer lol
Lakers are 01 against the Clippers. Nice try though. 2-3 since the clippers got Kawhi.
AD has not been playing well at all this year, until he’s healthy he can’t be counted on to make up the gap that this game had. Also Schröder is worse than last year too.
Thin line between stupidity and bravery. The jazz are on fire tho
and it came down to the last possession
Kevin Hart?
Kevin Admiration
Kevin Just Friends
I would not describe a man with rings as poor but you cannot know everything of course.
On the offensive side of things it’s actually pretty accurate. Joe is more than just a 3 pt shooter just like how Klay is. Joe has great off ball movement and makes great cuts toward the rim, he also finishes well around the room. Klay is the obviously a better defender however
Far more lazy to dismiss it, sounds like someone who never watched Harris play
Lol the disrespect is insane
Just gotta time it to be in the playoffs too.
They were all wide, wide open.
as is tradition
Upon the startling revelation that Steph Curry also came from Akron, I'm leaning on wanting to see them team up there before Bron retires.
Yeah you guys have been on a massive losing streak since those Nets games, they were obviously flukes lol. I’m pretty sure those were the first games the big three played together so obviously they didn’t have much chemistry yet.
Cavs had Joe and traded him when he got injured.. y’all don’t deserve him
You had him bro
Best I can do is Spencer Dinwiddie and the rest of the Nets first round picks until 2030
Y'all can have shamet instead lol
Not going to lie, I was one of them. 

I was wrong
facts. we’ve already lost D’Lo, Vert and JA.. Joe and Spence need to stay and win a ring in BK for those guys.
Feels like every double turns into an open 3 for Joe, shit is wild.
hasn't Harris shot over 40% from 3 like 3 of the last 4 years?
But he's getting  this Stat sheet even with just one, or no stars out there at times. He doesn't look any different  when playing with just the bench.
You're not getting Vuc for Joe without something else. Also prolly wouldn't help they're weaknesses much, tho it would be fun
Boucher? ya kidding
We’re getting better. A lot of the defensive issues was because of a lack of effort and communication. Guys were still learning how to play with each other in a new system. Obviously we’re not going to become a top defensive team with this roster, but the buyout market can help that.
yeah but as a shooter dropping 50% on 3s you'd think it be at least 80s
thats still ridiculous for such a great shooter lol
Curry is usually spicy and it’s snowed in Texas for the past like 4 days. I’m cold. I’m hungry. And I’m mad. I could blame the guy in the wheelchair or the guy taking vacations to Cancun, but it’s much easier to be mad at the Curry guys.
I mean they did review bomb Ayesha's restaurant in Houston...
more like Joe Harris is who Eric Gordon thinks he is
Joe Harris is one of the great stoics.  His brand doesn't need social media.
Looked it up: [https://www.basketball-reference.com/leaders/efg\_pct\_yearly.html](https://www.basketball-reference.com/leaders/efg_pct_yearly.html)

It's exceedingly rare for a non center to lead in that category.
Unless they play the raptors
I was just saying this in the game thread. They get dime passes wide open looks and brick everything.
It’s honestly amazing how every single player has every shooting stat drop the second they put on a Lakers jersey
Yeah it’s not like players just miss shots. Everything is a conspiracy against Lebron, any time he hasn’t won was because of a failure by his teammates
TLC slander has been banned for the next 48 hours.
Yep Lebron can't get a hold of a mask that fits his face.
Those custom made masks must be ___crazy___ expensive if an NBA player can't afford one.
as a rockets fan, i'm sad i didn't discover r/nba until the last year or two.  the 2017 harden/westbrook threads would have been glorious to participate in, especially with us winning.
And we’ll be enjoying in the background
https://i.imgur.com/c0CJYvm.jpg
don't forget GME shortages
We still have a GPU shortage fam, Tustin MC popping offfff, discord mad wild this week.
“Lakers blew a 13-1 lead!!!”
no they won't you guys are putting too much stock in a regular season game lol
You clearly haven’t been on this sub if you don’t think the majority of this sub is full of Lebron cockriders. Sure, there’s people who dislike him and they’ll be louder after Lakers lose. The cockriders are far louder when Lakers win though. Had to go through all last season with the Clippers getting slandered to shit just because they dared challenge this subs Golden Boy
Out for the season
He’s ten weeks ahead of his recover schedule. I wouldn’t fully count him out yet
This is fucking hilarious lmao
Please make this a copypasta, this is awesome.
I finally decided to marry my wife, only issue is I didn’t really have enough money to do it. Thankfully, my local Disney location was selling cheap rings with plastic as the diamond. I finally bought it and as soon as I popped the question to my girlfriend out of nowhere this massive man with ginormous ears came running and stole the ring. Goddamn you LeMickey, always stealing fake Disney rings!!!!
Saw it live, sorry
Yeah and he’s a billionaire and your wife would get lockjaw suckin his dick for cash to pay your bills broke bitch
Being generous, lets say lebron did "win" 4 rings , mathematically he is  is 4 - ∞ in the finals, by far worse than Jordan.
*Doubt intensifies*
Holy shit imagine how many people you can piss off in r/lakers
Just wait 4 more years then flip them to Detroit. They are into the buying aging stars thing.
It's hilarious that a dude can win a million rings over the course of 2 decades where he is the only constant on the teams but somehow that's also the guy who's getting carried/ bailed out lol
For Brady it’s to the point where people are in awe witnessing history. He’s 43, and just won his 7th team, on a brand new team with a brand new coach, in a brand new system, without otas, training camp, or preseason, having COVID just hanging out, and won on his first try.

Franchise leaders for Super Bowls:

1: Tom Brady 7

2: Steelers, Patriots 6

3: Cowboys, Niners 5
No one will, the LeFraud memes are too well known at this point lol
if you read the first 3 lines of this pasta and take it seriously that's your fault
I didn't write this but I think its referring to when KD and Russ weren't in their primes
TLC is a decent player potentially, he was really good in the bubble.
House is a decent player though.
Funny thing is I'm not sure if that squad was better than that stretch in 2019 when everyone was injured, Tilman refused to give House an NBA contract, and Harden just went sicko mode
Man I liked Motiejunas....he was just so lacking athletically, and never could get good enough as a shooter.  The one year he did hit some 3's  he was actually solid.  His ability to hit post hook shots and work from there was insane.
Alexey Shved is a name I haven't heard in a long time...
I just now realised that this team had like 3-4 players that left the NBA soon after and played their whole career in the Euroleague being good players there but never elite. That's how crazily good Harden is at making his team better
Thank you for my daily Pablo dose
You know the last Rockets head coach is the Nets lead assistant right?
“Keep stroking”
Charles Barkley literally just said it today postgame, idek how to take him seriously😂
Greens points per game have basically doubled since Harden joined the team.

Harris has been consistently good throughout the year though, I agree.
Can this team break 200 on the wizards, and how many overtimes would it take.
Kyrie gonna start showing up to games with a condom on his eye
Oh yeah it was Michael Keaton lol, I'm really happy I rewatched that recently it was as funny as I remembered it being
hasnt been better than Harden tho
it's crazy how boston "fleeced" you guys and you might bounce them in the playoffs this year (and possibly go further than they have in the playoffs)
We now *improve* in the 3rd quarter??
The road isn't what it use to be due to the lack of the crowd.
That shot when he bobbled the ball at half court and still made it though.
Honestly feels to me that it was all just Laker/LeGroupies upvoting all that shit about only one ball and the Nets being a failure. That would actually be more understandable than the majority of this sub genuinely thinking three top 10 players in the league wouldn’t be a success
Jokic is great but come on man. It's a different game, LeBron in his early Cavs days was something special. He dragged a bunch of bench players to the finals (game 6 against Detroit was the game that made me fall in love with basketball), had one of the most incredible individual playoff series ever against Orlando and went from 61-21 to 19-63 after LeBron left (not the only factor but certainly the biggest).
Season ain't over yet
Take a wild guess why they had such good regular season numbers. 

But seriously LeBron was pretty much the offense. Moe Williams was good in the regular season but just couldn't put it together in the playoffs (I think the Cavs offense coaching wasn't very good, not all on him). They were also a really good defensive team
The absolute disrespect to Cavs legend Drew Gooden
Yeah, I was gonna say, LeBron carried some really sorry Cavs teams before he bailed.
ayo, dont be disrespecting Larry "Legend" Hughes like that.
> Nets were excellent defensively tonight.

for their standards maybe, the amount of open 3s we bricked was comical
You're right, I'm sitting on my ass watching games. I'm not playing any teams at all
Great gameplan to leave the role players open then. Sign of a good defense
Great gameplan from us then. Let the team struggling from three miss threes.
I don’t know. It always seems to step up against the good teams. Maybe it’s not as bad as people think
So are the Lakers without AD and Schroeder worse than the worst teams in the league? Because the Pistons, Wizards, and Cavs could score and didn’t need excuses
There are no burners. Never have been
he's shooting 50% from 3

he deserves to be included

he's obviously not on those guys level, but next to 3 stars he's a cheatcode
Joe Harris is ultra instinct Seth Curry
With all the defensive attention on the other guys, Harris is gonna average 50% from 3 this year, completely nuts
Devin Kurant
Lol people said teams would easily score on them, KD is their only good defender, they're way too top heavy, and they'd need all 3 of their stars to carry their offense hard. This sub really has a goldfish memory
We need clax and a good big and u gonna see whats up
They absolutely don't deserve to be favorites. Lakers and maybe Clippers have earned that right, nobody else. 

But on a personal level, I am rooting for a chip this year and think they are going to pull it off.
earlier in the season i would say trezz but kuz is playing out his mind the past month. so kuz trezz carsuo then dennis
"If you can force him to take that shot, that is considered good defense."

Toronto fans shaking
I have watched the last 10 games where we have no offense, even with Schroder, it’s just a real problem a team build around the perimeter should not be one of the worst 3point teams in the game, we literally are supposed to have shooters who can’t shoot, we lack clear offensive cohesion and we completely rely on LeBron to create offense, even with Schroder when LBJ sits we look like clowns

This isn’t supposed to be a comment that we are doomed, but Vogel is not attacking clear issues, Wes Matthews has literally no cohesion on this team, and KCP is in such a slump right now it’s crazy. My comment does not stem from this game but having to go into overtime’s and close games vs trash teams, we have yet to even be competitive against the strong contenders yet
What did my dude say
Thank you thank you. If yall gonna call us shit and treat us like it you can bet your ass I'll double down. I don't know any of yall around here. Yall meaning nothing to me.
Hey man if that happens so be it. It's just a bunch of millionaires running around making more money.
What's that mean?
His mom got sick, he lives with his mother in Brooklyn.  

I read he also takes the Subway to Barclays, or used to.  Imagine being 6’5” and being able to take public transportation to your home arena.
Sure bro, everything that makes you sleep at night
Ya I’m loving watching him, honestly reminds me of nash how he can just completely control and dominate a game just with his facilitating, then when he needs to score he can do that at will. Dude has just been playing some beautiful basketball and it’s been glorious to watch
How's Joe's defense
I agree not tonight since your role players were all of sudden lights out from deep like TLC and ours couldn't shoot the ball in the ocean but even then AD and Dennis would have made it a good game and possibly won. But on a normal night when both teams are healthy then its gonna be a great game that could go either way.
-Makes idiotic statement. Then gets mad at me for responding, and then you responded to it with another idiotic statement.
About 12
Deja vu.
to be fair it was Vogels fault for putting him in against DJ instead of Jeff Green
It's gonna be hard getting out of Trez's deal.  Gonna have to package him.
Did you catch that shitpost saying you lost the off-season, where it claimed you signed trez for elite defense?
How can you be so certain? Considering how the Lakers dismantled their competition and how the Clippers crumbled under pressure that just makes no sense.
Well I guess we'll never know
They would fucking sweep you lmao, don’t get it twisted. Lakers fans using the “we had no AD” excuse as if Nets weren’t missing KD who is much better
I'm not talking about the Lakers, I'm talking about how the Nets are performing this season
Not a game changer, but could still get his own shot and run the offense when lebron rests for like 10 fucking seconds 😂🙃
Bruh I thought it was a inside joke I wasn’t apart of with so many Lakers fans saying they were missing their third best player. I was trying to think of who they were talking about. It was Schroeder lmaooo
Schroeder has locked up every star guard hes defended this year, so yes he is a game changer
True. He’s been a terrible defender. Definitely wouldn’t have helped at all tonight when the Nets were making everything
Klevin Thompshart?
Flare screens all day 

Nets offense is really fun to watch
wasn't CLE, that was LeBron

needed that roster spot for Dahntay Jones (or some b.s.)... because who needs talent for the future when one of LeBron's buddies needs a job?
Smh cavs fans are hoes ain't know when a guy is a keeper
Deal
Harris is much better than Boucher and also the raps don’t take it because they have no centers
> A lot of the defensive issues was because of a lack of effort and communication.

I've heard the "we'll flip the switch come playoff time" before. It rarely if ever works. 

I don't see this team getting past anyone with a top five defense/offense. (Currently Boston and Utah).
he's always been like a 70% FT shooter so this is not all that surprising
He’s shooting like less than 1 or 2 a game
He’s only shot like 20 of em, small sample size
> shooter dropping 50% on 3s you'd think it be at least 80s

He's a "jump shooter".  His shooting stroke is just off without the jumping motion to aid him
Probably barely practices them lol he rarely goes to the ft line
***Flying all the way to Cancun just to escort his wife and daughters there, he was just being a good father bro. It's funny you blame the politicians when really the Green New Deal is to blame.
The great stoics: Zeno of Citium, Marcus Aurelius, and Joe Harris
Based on personal experience the Cavs should've ran every play through Channing Frye while Lebron was there
Or it was a joke
What more could he have done tonight in 31 minutes?
LeBandana
Oh boy that thread was so toxic, ppl had to get chemo shots
I was there, it got really bad. I've never had so much hate thrown on my city or state than after game threads when we lost.
They weren't, everyone slept on Harden and ignored reality because the media hyped up "trip dub hurr" even tho Harden had a more efficient 29-11-8 with a higher seed and was projected to be lower than OKC. Westbrooks participation trophy is criminal, within the basketball realm.
Lmao
LITERALLY
and PS5 shortages
Lol at thinking all the people slandering the clippers were bron fans. It was damn near every fanbase closing y’all
But the clippers were deservingly slandered..?
I think people just hated the Clippers cause of how vocal their players were, plus Luka was the golden boy last year. It's changed and now it's between Steph and Jokic
Bruh people just last year were saying Lebron hates white coaches and gave Kevin Love depression
Clippers fans did it to themselves, no one feels bad for you
Luka, Curry and Kawhi have been golden boys on this sub the past 3 years
Seems like LeBron really triggers you. That wall of text is hilarious. 

Why won’t anybody hate LeBwon and da Wakers more than me?!
Hold your horses - he's apparently already at week 14 of healing schedule and it's only been 5 weeks. He may be back for postseason minutes
Yeah like nba Twitter is so fucking bad but somehow it’s so funny from time to time.
It already is.
there is no such thing as a lebron tweet if there isnt a mention of the mickey mouse ring under it.
That’s NBA twitter
Yup that comes out to about 0% of the time
Brb
Guy 1: Brady is carrying Bill! 

Guy 2: Bill is carrying Brady!

Guy 3: Bill is getting carried AND Brady is getting carried!

Guy 2: Wait, so...they both suck?

Guy 1: I mean, I guess that makes sense.

Guy 3:*Eating popcorn*

Guy 2: Welp, no idea how we can win another ring now! Its 2008 and we have a team with two people being carried and doing nothing for the franchise!

Guy 1: POOR US! 

GUY 2: Woe is WE! 

Guy 1: But at least we aren't the Jets. 

Guy 2: Yea, we aren't the Jets.  

Guy 3: *eating popcorn intensifies*
The guy with a 76.4% career win rate over 20 years is just a product of the system you fucking fool. And the super bowl? Literally carried by defense every single time. Somehow this guy just gets lucky enough to have the best defense in football every single year for 20 years
LeEverywhere
Dmo was a walking bucket man the warriors/rockets series pre-kd would've been a lot closer if Dmo/pbev were both healthy. No one can guard Dmo's hook shot
Dude had some of the best footwork in the league
He's playing for khimki Moscow now
He was fun to watch, definitely thought he’d be a little more impactful in the league.
Yeah he has some pretty bad takes.
He's seemed really off to me recently
Because fuck Barkley and his boomer takes
Harden and Green have great chemistry
The fans like him more, it's really not that hard to understand how all star voting works, you should try and read ut
Also shows that slow team building can be a waste of time and sitting back and waiting for the perfect situation and not taking risks can see years pass 

Celtics almost have to play the long game now and I think it’s the right move but wow has the NBA shuffled a lot the past 5 years and the Celtics kinda sat back and didn’t take a swing
I'm pretty sure Boston has won a championship before.

At least once.
True, it's an oddball season for sure
still, home team have an advantage just because they are not traveling, sleeping in hotel rooms, etc. Definitely much less than they would with a crowd
I'm still in disbelief to this day. How?????
I mean, they got together 3 players that get a lot of hate from evrrywwhre, plus people were going mega hard on Harden because of the partying and leaving Houston etc.  Since this sub has so many Lakers fans they certainly were a big part, but it was a perfect storm of hate fueled irrational takes lmao.

People always hated Harden without watching him, because he's always been capable of this shit but people just saw box scores and free throws.
The 07 series was special to you because you were young. LBJ’s teammates in 07 were as good as Hakeem’s in 94, but Hakeem won it all.

In 09, it’s not like Hedo Turkoglu guarding Lbj 1v1 was a tough matchup - LBJ was supposed to go off in 09... that was Orlando’s entire strategy. Taking the stats in empty context for that series definitely oversells it, as many who didn’t watch the series seem to do. Lbj’s team wasn’t much different than dwight Howard’s.

Im not saying Jokic is the best, but what he’s doing offensively is pretty remarkable.
Yea. But, it’s halfway done, and it’s a pretty remarkable season so far.

I just don’t get all the fervor for lbj to win mvp. Jokic has higher points, rebounds, assists, steals, blocks, FG%, FT%, and TS%.... with less Turnovers. Jokic’s impact stats are also higher. 

If the lakers get the best record, I can see lbj getting it. Otherwise, I don’t see it.
Yeah, I feel like they missed at least 5 wide open 3s in the first quarter alone. I don't know what it's going to take to get them back to early season form but hopefully the ASB helps.
at first I thought you were memeing, but if you forreal believe this... oh boy
Relying on NBA players to miss open shots isn’t going to win any championships.
It's pretty bad. But your offensive firepower is more than enough to compensate for it. Getting a decent center should fix a lot of the problems.
It's one game, dude. 

You shouldn't need me to explain to you that just because team a beat team b on a certain night that you can't extrapolate that to other situations. 

The Lakers played like shit last night, just like the Nets did when they lost to Washington. It happens.
"IAmNotKevinDuranr_35" 💀
Right cuz you don't burn em, just re use em.
Since the Harden trade, they are 26th in defensive rating. So your first point has borne out.
> Lol people said teams would easily score on them

i mean they have? idk what point you're trying to make here. The amount of open shots the Lakers got this game was ridiculous, too bad they were brick machines. Do you actually think TLC who averages 7 points a game is going to be hitting 5 threes every game?
Lakers haven't been able to score even against bad defenses. It was our own defense winning games but with Dennis being out on top of no AD this L wasn't a surprise. 

Nets have amazing offense with 2 of the leagues top offensive players of the season so far NOT counting KD and Joe Harris is literally God but evaluating their defense using this game aint it. Lakers are a bad benchmark right now
Hm what were people saying about the nets? Idk maybe that teams would dominate them in the paint. Who were the lakers missing that is a pretty big tall man to help them score more points in the paint? Idk maybe someone named Anthony Davis. It’s not ducking hard to use logic bro
You're crazy if you think Caruso is better than Schroder.
He said "KDs Achilles bouta say what's popping"
You’re badass bro 💪🏻
It's English for "you're not funny"
He also likes his French press. Dude fits Brooklyn so well.
Nah the 75% strength Nets beating 50% of the Lakers is keeping me up at night I'm so sad right now
better than the def klay is playing this year
I’ll make more if it continues to get you that upset
I love Trezz to death but this was too common
Sounds all too familiar
You’re full of dumb takes lol no way they sweep us even if we’re both fully healthy. And no KD is not “much better” than AD.
Kyrie had a bad game anyways and we both know he couldn't have stopped Harden.
His injury has hampered his ability to be explosive in help defense this year, have we been watching different games or something? 

Look, if he gets back to 100%, we have an outside chance, but the changes to the roster this year just haven't been working out. 

Rondo is a better fit than Schröder

Bradley was better than THT

Wes and DG are one and the same

Dwight/Javale were a better fit than Trez/Marc

Combine that with AD having a degenerative issue in his achilles, and LeBron being 36...

Let's be realistic
i wonder if a lot of it is mental and not just the injuries. like those "i already won one now i can chill" things
Why is it that /u/motorboat_mcgee says something totally reasonable and then your response is unrelated garbage?
Dahntay Jones is truly someone who runs around doing nothing 

He trick y’all
Should have asked them to throw in some Dinwiddie coin while you were at it
Well it’s surprising that he’s such a good three point shooter who is subpar at free throws lol.
i understand what a small sample size is and that doesn't really help explain this as it's not like he shot 3 total

what explains it is that he shot 72% on FT last year so 68% isn't far off

he's just not a 50/40/90 guy, he's a 50/50/70 guy lmao
bagawddd that's Whiteside's music
Did you drop this /s or feel it was unnecessary?
Do people not understand jokes?
honestly really easy to ignore these kind of people. Lakers played without their 2nd and 3rd best players and even if they had all players it was still only a regular season game. Even more than in past season, regular season and playoff LBJ are so different when it comes to how hard he tries. He was not perfect today, but still played great and they would have a much better chance at winning with AD and Schröder even with their coast-heavy play rn.
Rockets fans will be on their deathbed in 2080 and still ranting to their grandkids about the 2017 and 2019 mvp race
I’m not a Clipper fan but go off. Absolutely nobody outside of Lebron/Laker fans should have preferred Lakers to Cluppers yet the place was full on Laker fellatio mode
Kawhi golden boy? He was getting shit on like crazy last season. Not as much as PG, but still plenty
You’re not even making the finals this year. Cry. Your covid chip means next to nothing, imagine beating a fifth east seed with two of their best players injured and trying to pass it off as a real ring lmaooo. You guys are shameless
The "Lemickey" copypastas and their spinoffs are my guilty pleasure.

The SpongeBob shit for the NFL was downright hilarious.
Oh. I don't use Twitter, so I didn't know.
Great job, you really got em. That guy saying another superstar will fall into their lap was hilarious
I remember thinking he was gonna be awesome. He showed flashes for a few minutes at a time during those early Rubio/Love years where I coulda swore he would turn into something.
[Yessir](https://streamable.com/he7df0)
Loved their time together in Houston.  I was legitimately sad when he didn't re-sign in Houston but I was happy to see them back together in BKN.
Hard to say it’s a waste of time going slow though - golden state did it slow and they were dominant for so long. And I guess the Spurs come to mind. Either way I guess you gotta get lucky
All it really shows is how important being in either LA or NY is. As long as you have a basic level of competency you can be a contender.
Not since 'the trade'. Not that it redeems the trade at all, it was one of the most horrific deals ever agreed to but it would be a little funny if after all that, the Nets beat the Celtics to a championship.
The last time they won one most of the people on this forum were probably 8 or 9 years old.

1 championship in 35 years is pathetic for a franchise like the Celtics.
only what, 4 since the civil rights era?
Lebron was 23 in '07. Hakeem was 30 in '94. What a dumb take.
>The 07 series was special to you because you were young. LBJ’s teammates in 07 were as good as Hakeem’s in 94, but Hakeem won it all.

Holy shit what a bad take.  He had Drexler, Horry, Thorpe, Maxwell. 

Lebron had Gooden, Hughes, big Z and Eric Snow.   Drexler is an order of magnitude better than anyone Lebron had.  The rockets were significantly better at every position except SF.
Lol just stop talking, you clewarly have no idea what you're talking about ... you think LeBron was going 1 on 1 with Hedo Turkoglu all game? The Orlando Magic were the best defensive team in the league that year and had fucking prime Dwight Howard locking up the paint. 

I guarantee you the 2007 run would have been special regardless of how old I was. Just stop
Filling out the majority of your roster with NBA players who can’t hit open shots isn’t going to win any championships either
It’s not really that bad. They just coast
Nah Lakers just ran into a team that is clearly better than them and got exposed
Lakers shot the same amount of 3s today that they average for the season which indicates that the Nets weren't giving them more open looks then the average team. Your question is dumb as shit, do you actually think Kyrie Irving is going to go 0/5 from 3 every game?

It's really funny how Lakers fans outwardly dismiss this game yet are sensitive af about it
For this laker team that hang their hat on defense. Carsuo is more important for their defensive schemes. Schroeder is more important to make their offense hum. But their offense haven't been thinking for close to three weeks now.
Some people man lmao. Not going to generalize all Lakers fans though bc I’m a Yankees fan and I hate when that’s the assumptions for allllll of us
What?
If KD plays no matter who you got on your side the result will be the same and saying nets were at 75% and Lakers at 50% won't make this L go away lmao and those percentages are bs btw you just pulled them out of your ass.
-claims I’m upset for no reason. 💀
luckily Vogel learns from his mistakes unlike Doc
KD is like another tier above AD lmao. Especially this year. KD is a top 3 player if not the best player in the league.
Okay so if he’s not 100% of the defender he was last year,  he’s still been good. And the anchor of the #1 defense in the league. 

And yes, Rondo/Dwight/Javale/Green etc, were a better fit and more cohesive at the end of the season than the current Lakers do 35ish games into a season. Is that surprising or did you expect this team to feel so soon ?
To quantify the sample size impact: For 17/25 shooting, the reasonable range of "true FT percent" for Joe Harris is about 50-84%. 

Nerd background: The FT% can be described by the beta distribution, specifically beta(makes, misses). You can think of this as "what true free throw percentages could result in making 17 out of 25 free throws". For Joe this is beta(17, 8). You can type this in on Wolfram Alpha and see the resulting range (I took the central 95% to get FT range=50-84%). For comparison, James Harden (95/105) has a much more constrained range (84-95%), and Thanasis Antetokoumpo's (4/7) has a much less constrained range (22-88%).
It's got to be the three stars in Texas means "lol, incoming silly"
the latter :)
[deleted]
Hell yeah I will be, I'll be a fetus in the next life and still ranting about it from the womb haha
The only player people actually liked on last year's Clippers was Kawhi, Pat Bev and PG were 2 of the most hated players on here
You know Blazers fans hated the clippers because dame had beef with PG? Thunder fans were also clowning them because of what PG did? Spurs fans clowned them
Because of what Kawhi did. Cmon please go back to twitter with you’re idiotic takes
you must have an extra chromosome with these dumb ass takes
I love that its literally always the same accounts ratioing each other. Like there is even some lore behind it now. And every time I think they can not come up with more degenerate stuff they keep on delivering. I cant stop myself from consuming that shit.
Whats the spongebob shit lol
Advice stay away from, I've been down that rabbit hole, and barely escaped from the horrors that awaits in that app.
Lmao it’s like shooting fish in a barrel. They really enjoy breathing their own laker farts
I can agree with that.

Just thought it was funny somebody was saying the Nets could get farther than the Celtics without any other context.
Fuck yall but seriously, if you beat us (u wont doe), grind the lakers/clippers to dust in the finals.
Okay, I can agree with that - though having two potential stars die definitely feeds into that.

But I was only pointing out that the Nets can't really make it farther than the Celtics have ever been.

It's just kind of hard to go farther than "champion".
Also the 94 Rockets supporting cast was definitely better than the 07 Cavs. Neither team had much talent outside their best players, but the 94 Rockets had a lot of excellent role players.
He didnt have drexler in 94
Didn’t have Drexler. His 2nd best player was rookie Robert Horry in the playoffs. Otis Thorpe in the regular season.

Big Z was an allstar, as was Drew Gooden. Maxwell was an offensive negative 

It’s pretty clear you never watched
Lebron WAS going 1v1 all game, although sometimes it was against worse defenders than Turkoglu. 

Did you WATCH? That was the whole strategy of the magic - let lebron get his.

07 wasn’t very special... they got obliterated in the finals. The 3-4 best teams were in the west.
User name checks out
The Lakers win chips in bunches and this era is just getting started. Trust me bro, it’s what we do 😎
Lakers cope artists be like 😂😂😂
> Lakers shot the same amount of 3s today that they average for the season which indicates that the Nets weren't giving them more open looks then the average team

lol wat? you realize that the average amount of 3s we shoot doesnt correlate to whether they are open or not right? Literally every 3 we shot tonight besides 2 or 3 were wide open. Do I think Kyrie is going 0/5 every night? No but do I think TLC is hitting 5 3s every night along with Kyrie hitting another 3-5? No. I guess I'm sensitive tho lol. I hope Wall and DC does well for yall, have a good night
Normie
I expect game to game improvement, and that hasn't been the case
So are you saying that because of how small his sample of FTs are that you could expect him to make anywhere between 50-84%? And Harden who has taken far more has a smaller range?
it's more explained by unconscious bias here than the beta distribution. 68% is well within the range it's not like it was 28%.

i'm making the false assumption that because he's shooting 50% from 3s, he's also a 90% FT shooter and this has no basis at all so it's my expectation that would be adjusted, not that the FT % is some kind of outlier
Lol
Eek! Judging by the downvotes, it's needed
He never even mentioned the nets nor did he say that without injuries the Lakers wouldve won... Did we read the same comment?
It was a neck to neck race until Russ hit that game winner over the Nuggets. Then it was over. And it wasn't just about his triple doubles. He was hitting crazy shot after crazy shot game in and game out to give us a fighting chance. He deserved that mvp.
Your commas made me very confused there for a second; I thought you were saying Pat Bev was among the players this sub liked haha
That’s three fanbases. Spurs fans should hate Lakers far more than they Clippers over something that petty anyway. That’s two fanbases with legit reasons to hate on the Clippers, while everyone has reason to dislike Lakers yet it was full on suck off Lakers; and still is in fact
At the end of the day PG asking out helped the Thunder 

(Unless they do nothing substantial with those draft picks, but that’s unlikely)
https://twitter.com/Metro_Coolin/status/1361892838557028353?s=19
They broadcasted a playoff game on Nickelodeon, so this year's super bowl winner won a bikini bottom ring
Even without Drexler the Houston supporting cast was better than the Cavs supporting cast, doubly so when you consider the competition.  The early 90's had the least depth of any time since the 70's, so it was perfectly normal for one star (or one and a half) to be supported by a bunch of roleplayers.   It's not like the team they beat in the finals had a bunch of stars either.  Their #2 was Starks, who was a very good player but nowhere near the caliber of Pippen or the #2's of the great teams from the 80's (Dumars, Worthy, McHale, etc).  

Despite that Rockets team not having a lot of name recognition, they had a full lineup of efficient (if not high volume) scorers and excellent defenders. The Cavs had nobody that could score efficiently except LeBron.  The second leading scorer on the Cavs (Hughes) had a TS% of 480 and EFG% of 439 (which was ~6% below the league average).  The second leading scorer on the Rockets (Thorpe) had a TS% of 593 and EFG% of 561 (which was ~8% above the league average).  

Look at the cumulative league adjusted stats for each team.   The 06-07 Cavs had cumulative TS-ADD of *negative* 292, that's how much worse the Cavs team was compared to the league average.  Compare that to the 03-04 Rockets, who had a TS-ADD of positive 266, that was among the best in the league.
>  His 2nd best player was rookie Robert Horry in the playoffs. Otis Thorpe in the regular season.

The 93-94 Rockets were far better in relation to the rest of the league than the Cavs were.   

Look at the cumulative league adjusted stats for each team. The 06-07 Cavs had cumulative TS-ADD of negative 292, that's how much worse the Cavs team was compared to the league average. Compare that to the 03-04 Rockets, who had a TS-ADD of positive 266, that was among the best in the league.

> Big Z was an allstar, as was Drew Gooden. 

Big Z was an all star a few years prior to that, and was already declining.  Gooden never was an all-star, what the hell are you talking about? 

>Maxwell was an offensive negative

As was most of the Cavs squad.   Hughes, their "second best player" had an efg% of 394 in the playoffs, which is markedly worse than Maxwell.  


> It’s pretty clear you never watched

It's exceptionally clear that you never watched the rockets, if you think they were worse compared to the rest of the league than the cavs were.  This yammering about how awful that rockets team was is almost entirely a recent phenomenon, nobody back then was talking shit about that squad.   The reason it got attention because it was the first time in 15 years there were no super-teams in the league, so it was wide open.  The Knicks, who they beat in the finals, weren't a super team either.
Never argue with a fool ...

If you have any talking points other than platitudes then I'm interested to hear them. If not then peace out and have a nice day.
Just calling it like I see it. Lakers looked like some BUMS last night. Gonna be an early playoff exit
Lol I don’t think so. Enjoy the bubble ring, there’s better teams out there now and the Lakers aren’t getting another with Lebron
Had to do it to them
Absolutely does correlate lol tf are you talking about. You've gotta be dumb af if you think only 2 or 3 of those were contested. 

Here's a math lesson: if TLC shoots 2-8 from 3 today and Kyrie shoots 2-5 from 3 like they're expected to, the Lakers still lose by 8. Keep blaming the loss on that though
Yeah, exactly. In other words, it's reasonable that a 50% shooter (e.g, Dwight Howard) or an 84% shooter (e.g, Donovan Mitchell) could start off 17/25. On the other hand, the odds of Dwight Howard (or even Donovan Mitchell) starting off 95/105 is so incredibly small that we know Harden's FT% must be above that. 

As Joe Harris takes more free throws this range will narrow, but it wouldn't be surprising for him have a FT% of 80% at the end of the season.

Note: We're making the (solid) assumption that a player has a "true" free throw percentage that doesn't change throughout the season. In that case, each shot gets us closer to revealing what that FT% is. The only case this assumption should fail is a significant midseason injury.
I get your point, I just wanted to provide context for how the sample size actually translates. The point is that we can’t be sure he’s not an 80+% FT shooter after only 25 shots, since such a shooter could reasonably miss 8/25 by chance.  

He’s almost definitely not a 90% shooter though, and it is weird that his 3pt shooting doesn’t translate. My guess is that his jump shooting mechanics are really good, but his flat-footed FT shooting mechanics are worse.
the problem is it shouldn't have been neck and neck.  should have been a neck and waist race and the game-winner should have turned it into a neck and chest race.  the media wanted to give it to russ so badly and just as their fingers were about to slip off the "but triple doubles" life raft, russ gave them a plausible excuse to vote how they wanted.
Why would spurs fan hate the lakers more than the dude who ruined their dynasty? Also what teams have a reason to hate the lakers?
The rockets had Hakeem, MVP of the league, so the team was better. The supporting cast wasn’t, and was legitimately worse than the Cavs. Big Z was the second best player. 

Looking at their playoff PERs, since you didn’t watch and it’s useless to argue about the game directly, to judge them compared to league average in objective fashion, 3 of the top 6 support players were better than average... and 1 was near average. Compare that to the rockets, who had 2 above average, and nobody near average....

The Suns, Sonics, and even the Blazers were borderline superteams. They were all super teams the year before.... nothing changed. In 07, the EAST had no superteams. In 94, the WEST was stacked.

All of your points, literally every single one, are wrong EVEN IF YOU DIDNT WATCH. You have no excuse
I started with stats, and all your responses have been platitudes. Pretty ironic....

Apparently you need to take a look in the mirror
Imagine reacting like this to a regular season loss lol.

The Lakers role players will be fine. They had a rough night. They'll be fine.
RemindMe! 4 months “reply to this thread.”
Sure keep telling yourself that while we hang up number 18 LOL
Only the Wizards and Wolves are worse on defense this season. Idk how pointing out facts is construed as coping. 

Edit: if anything you're the one trying to cope by ignoring an obvious flaw in your team.
> Absolutely does correlate lol tf are you talking about.

lol pls explain how our average 3pt attempts correlates to whether or not those attempts are contested or not. 

> You've gotta be dumb af if you think only 2 or 3 of those were contested.

if you actually watched the game then you would know this, the amount of open looks we got were absurd. 

> if TLC shoots 2-8 from 3 today and Kyrie shoots 2-5 from 3 like they're expected to, the Lakers still lose by 8. Keep blaming the loss on that though

never blamed the loss on this, we lost cause of our poor shooting and poor perimeter defense but this would equal to 10 missed opportunities by the Nets which would in fact benefit the Lakers which would be 3 more offensive possessions then tonight.
Ok so essentially the amount of FTs you take tightens the range and the number of makes raises the range.
I mean, Russ did have a way better narrative on top of that, but still deserved the MVP
i assume you've been following the nba for 3 years or less?
Who doesn’t hate the Lakers? Arrogant fans and they’ve been successful. Stick your Lebron/Laker flair on given you’re so committed to twerking for them
>The rockets had Hakeem, MVP of the league, so the team was better. The supporting cast wasn’t, and was legitimately worse than the Cavs. 

For fucks sake, adjusted shooting is broken down by player.  You can very easily see that it isn't just Hakeem causing the huge gap. 

https://www.basketball-reference.com/teams/HOU/1994.html

https://www.basketball-reference.com/teams/CLE/2007.html

>Looking at their playoff PERs, since you didn’t watch 

If *you* actually watched you would know that most of those "good performances" happened while they cakewalked through the Wizards.  Lebron then dragged them kicking and screaming past the pistons, and then they got thrashed by the spurs. 

On the other hand, the rockets role players had better performances against much harder competition in the Blazers, Suns, Jazz and Knicks. 


>The Suns , Sonics, and even the Blazers... 
>They were all super teams the year before.... 

No they weren't.   The only teams that could come close to comparing to the super teams of the 80s was the Bulls, and *maybe* the Jazz. 

>
>All of your points, literally every single one, are wrong EVEN IF YOU DIDNT WATCH. You have no excuse

I literally watched every game of the Houston finals live on TV, as I did with the Cavs finals.
They’ve had a rough few weeks. They’re BUMS
I wish I had your kind of irrational confidence after watching your team get absolutely smacked, having a star deal with a nagging lower leg injury, and watching your role players regress to sub-par three point shooting. That doesn’t sound like a recipe for success to me
I’m just joking around here. It’s a small jab at Lebron stans who use the excuse that he’s coasting every time he has a bad game or loses. Obviously I know the Nets defense isn’t elite but I also watch all the games and see a noticeable difference in the effort and effectiveness when we’re playing a scrub team and when we’re playing a contender.
We’re just coasting it’s the regular season, just wait till he activates “playoff mode”
LOL you really can't do math
Exactly! 

There's an equation that approximates this range for any player really well, and there's also a way to get it from WolframAlpha,com, if you're interested in either.
Your really overrating the spurs lakers rivalry in the 2000s. Anyways spurs fans were absolutely clowning Kawhi for ruining their dynasty
I’m not the dude making the dumbass acquisitions that it was only laker/Lebron fans that were making fun of the clippers.
Good bait dude.
The championship goes through the Lakers. You guys lost to the Wizards, twice. Wait until you’ve actually won something. The Nets haven’t sniffed the title since 2002 and that was when they lost to the *checks notes* lol... Lakers
Who does?
Nets have zero NBA championships. Bron has 4. Simmer down.
I'll take that as a yes
Just a fact
There you go living in the past. We’re 10-1 against teams over .500 this year. The Lakers have a losing record against those teams.
if I'm a Lakers fan I'm hoping for Harden to activate playoff mode
Are you even a spurs fan? cause if you aren’t your gonna sound stupid
Living in the past? We’re the defending champs and improved the roster, give me a break. FYI regular season doesn’t mean shit. Do it in the playoffs, where teams can scout better and make adjustments.
I honestly don't understand what's going on in these threads. I try to have a reasonable discussion and these insufferable clowns have to be toxic. Apparently pointing out flaws in a team means I'm salty about a regular season loss without 3 starters.
I see now that you spend all day arguing with people on reddit. I apologize, forget I ever said anything. Also, it's "you're", not your.
Improved the roster? Lol I’m not convinced. I just watched that roster shoot terribly, like they have been doing for weeks now, and get stomped by the Nets without KD. Good luck adjusting for that
there's some toxic ass Nets fans in every single thread about tonight's game
It’s just what LeBron fans always say we’re just having fun lol. And with LeBron it’s actually true, he literally has a playoff mode.
Mf really switching topics 💀💀💀
Without AD and Dennis, our best defenders. The Lakers won the title last year shooting poorly from 3. What can I say... we just know how to win. Let me know when the Nets win anything lol
probably bandwagoners. I cant imagine OG Nets fans being this insufferable.
You just know how to win? Sure didn’t look like that last night. I’m certainly not going to be worried about a team that we just stomped by double digits. I’d bet you won’t even get out of the West this year
Lol you guys should’ve seen the Lin days. Nets have always been toxic. There was just like 20 of us so no one cared or noticed.
Yes the Lakers just know how to win... we won it all less than 6 months ago. LOL are the Nets going to hang a banner for winning last night? Calm your tits, it’s just a regular season game. Do it in the playoffs and then we can talk. The Nets aren’t even a lock to beat Milwaukee or Philly.
You won 6 months ago with a different group of guys with a healthy second star instead of one now dealing with a serious injury. Keep being preoccupied with the past though. Lakers gonna get exposed in the playoffs just like they got exposed last night.
The main core is still there and the Lakers added two 6MOTY winners. The Lakers are deep af, I’m not worried. The Nets have no bench, no rebounding and no defense. Plus a star who abandons his team for 2 weeks to party lol. Worry about your own team, the Nets won’t get anywhere near the finals if they keep giving up 150 points to the Wizards.
Lakers deep af? Nets have no bench? Then why are you making all these excuses about having 2 players be out? If they’re so deep they should be fine with 2 guys missing. Instead those “deep af” Lakers can’t hit an open shot to save their life and got torched by a Nets bench that way outperformed them. Maybe you’re the one that should actually be worried about your team lol. Besides Lebron and a gimpy AD the Lakers are TRASH
Damn I was kidding about hanging that banner for a regular season win but you are desperate to milk it for all it’s worth. But that’s understandable; it’s all you’ve got lmao. Win something in the post-season and then we’ll talk.
If all that matters is the postseason then why are you wasting your time on reddit during the regular season? Or maybe you’re just using things that have happened in the past to cope with your team playing like ass now and getting called out for it. I don’t need to wait for the postseason to see that everyone on the Lakers other than Lebron has been disappointing this season
Blah blah blah. Regular season is useful to judge the state of the team overall, but one game doesn’t mean shit. Lakers have the 2nd best record in the league with room to improve, that’s good enough for me. Playoffs is what counts so keep quite until the Nets actually win something.
No I don’t think I’ll keep quiet. I think I’ll continue to point out that the Lakers supporting cast has been a let down, and for more than just the one game last night. I think I’ll continue to point out that AD, who already has a history of accumulating injuries, battling a calf/Achilles injury is not a good sign at all. I think I’ll continue pointing out that the Lakers certainly don’t worry me right now. You can choose to hide from those truths, but you certainly can’t keep me quiet.
Lol shut the hell up until you win something. You go ahead and savor that regular season win and I’ll enjoy that 17th title 😎
Oh I’ll savor last nights win for sure. And every other win we get this season. And every win we get in the playoffs. And the finals. And I won’t be quiet for any of it. You go ahead and keep living in the past though. That’s your safe space since the current Lakers aren’t scary anymore
Defending champs + 2nd best record this season = living in the past 

You’ll be lucky to win the Atlantic Division let alone the Eastern Conference 😂
You’ll be lucky to win games against good teams. That’s why your record against teams over .500 is trash. Unlike the Nets who dominate good teams. And that’s why we will cruise to a chip and the Lakers will be at home watching
Lakers are the defending champs... lol taste it fool
There it is again! Living in the past still. I get it though, that’s all you have to fall back on after they shit the bed last night. Maybe one day you’ll join the rest of us in 2021 where it’s a Nets world
Defending champs = living in the past lmao. I can understand why you can’t appreciate a championship winning team since you’ve never been there.

You can talk when you’ve won something more than a meaningless regular season game. Nets world hahahahahaha
I can talk right now just fine. Pretending that you won last year with a different group of guys has any meaning this year is laughable. No one cares if you’re the defending champs when AD is a cripple now and your bench can’t buy a basket. Meanwhile the Nets added KD and Harden from last year and embarrassed you guys on national tv. Nets world is right
It’s not even the Nets division lol. You can talk all you want but it don’t mean shit until you win it all, like we did. Defending champs bitch
Living in the past while we smack your ass in the present. Keep coping loser
Sure I’ll cry into the championship banner lol. Good luck winning your division, you’ll need it.
We don’t need luck to win the division, the conference, or the finals. We have the superior talent for that. Unlike the bum ass Lakers now. Welcome to 2021
Lol yes you do. You need teams to miss open shots—you even said so yourself because the defense is ass. That’s the only thing you’ve been right about this entire time. 

Meanwhile I’ll continue to enjoy watching my defending champion Lakers coast to another title. Number 18 bitch!
You’re gonna be waiting a real long time for number 18 when you root for a sorry ass team that can’t put the ball in the basket. Don’t worry though, to lift your spirits I’ll invite you to the championship parade through Brooklyn. It’ll be a good time
Meh I’ve been to so many parades for the Lakers... honestly they get old after the 3rd or 4th time. But you wouldn’t know what that’s like. Let me know when you finally win one lol 😂
I guess it’s pretty good that you’re sick of parades then so you don’t feel like you missed out when the Lakers don’t get one for the rest of Lebrons career. It’s really a shame that you surrounded him with a bunch of bums that won’t be able to get it done to finish out his career. Oh well. Gotta give credit to Brooklyn, they just built the superior team
Blah blah blah say something AFTER you’ve won something. You’re like a little yapping dog... all bark, no bite.
It’s weird, you keep saying I can’t say anything unless the Nets win a championship, yet I can very clearly keep saying things. Things that continue to point out how the Lakers are bums this year. Things that continue to point out how you’re living vicariously through past seasons instead of present day where your role players can’t shoot to save their lives and your second star is sidelined for at least a month. Things that you keep responding to because they’re getting under your skin. You keep trying to bring up the past like I’m supposed to care or that it will stop me but it’s just not working. Sooner or later you’ll have to face the reality that the Nets are just flat out better than the Lakers now
You can say whatever you want but it doesn’t mean shit until your team actually wins something. All bark, no bite. 

My boys are the defending champs and they’ve got the 2nd best record in the league right now. Listen to what I say or don’t, I couldn’t give a crap—I’m enjoy the title and the run to repeat.
I mean it’s really easy to ignore everything you say because all you ever talk about is seasons besides the one we’re currently in lol. I’m sure you really enjoyed the run so far that included getting obliterated by the Nets on National tv. That’s super enjoyable. You guys really put the league on notice with that performance lol
Defending champs with the core intact and adding 2 6MOTY signings. Don’t blame me if you don’t know shit about basketball. I have been enjoying the season, thanks. 2nd best record in the league isn’t too shabby. 

Lakers had a bad game, it happens. Do it 4 times in the playoffs and it’ll actually mean something. Until then, enjoy a regular season win. Maybe you can hold a parade for that at the end of the year lol
Your “core” is an aging Lebron and a crippled AD. And your precious 6moty Harrell was limited to 15 minutes because he was such a liability on the court. The same thing happened to Gasol. Once again a textbook example of how you’re living in the past of before the start of the season instead of the present reality where your core and sixth men aren’t nearly as scary as you’re making them out to be
LeBron is too old lmao. That just confirms you don’t know shit. Not to mention Schroder and Harrell are the 3rd and 4th leading scorers, play significant minutes and have played in every game except for Dennis last night. Lakers have the 2nd best record in the league with that core and their new signings. 

Meanwhile the Nets are one of the worst defensive teams *ever* and rely on the opposition to miss shots in order to win. The only team to ever win a championship with a bad defense was the Lakers and they turned it on in the playoffs to go 15-1 to win yet another title. You better pray the Wizards don’t make the playoffs because you could be out in the first round lol
Oh yeah Harrell really played significant minutes last night. Gonna be tough for him to see court time when any half decent team can just pick him apart on defense like the Nets did. He’s a complete liability. And speaking of turning the defense on, that’s exactly what the Nets do every time they play a decent team, hence why they’re so good against teams over .500. That bodes extremely well for them for the playoffs. So your guys get worse when the opponent gets tough and our guys get better. Not a recipe for success for you.
Lol a Nets homer trying to talk shit about defense. 

Defending champs and 2nd best record in the league. Keep talking son... all bark, no bite.
Man it’s really sad, I continuously tear apart your team with facts about how they’re frauds and all you can do is say “DeFeNdInG ChAmPs” and “AlL BaRk nO BiTe” on repeat like you’re stuck in a loop. But don’t worry, I won’t forget you. The Clippers are gonna pass you in the standings real quick and I’ll be right in your ear when they do to tell you that you can’t even win your division and you’re plummeting in the standings. Stay tuned. You got yourself a pest for the rest of the year
Look kid, I get the hate. You think you finally have a chance and the young buck got lucky against the big bull. We’re the champs, I know people are going to take their best shot against us. That’s what being the defending champ is all about. There’s a target on your back and all bark, no bite bitches will try to get your attention.

That’s what happens when you’re a winner who got the job done and you run it back. That’s the same reason the Clippers (lol) could have a better record and I wouldn’t care until they actually win in the playoffs. They were there last year and they choked. We didn’t. Maybe one day your team will win something and you’ll get it. 

Lol there’s nothing you can say that would make a difference until we’re out of the playoffs and no longer defending our championship. It’s a long season but the playoffs is where it counts.
Buddy, you keep bringing up that you won last year like that’s supposed to mean anything to me. But it doesn’t. I don’t care what you did last year. The only people who do are deluded Lakers fans like yourself. The rest of us know that the Nets can kick your ass, the Clippers can kick your ass, and the Jazz can kick your ass. It’s a new season and we’re all more talented than you. And I’m going to LOVE pointing that out to you all season long, especially when you get eliminated. Then you’ll have nothing left to say.
I don’t care what you think, you’re clueless. But the fact remains that the defending champs have a bigger target on their backs. Trust me bro, that’s just how it is. I get why you don’t understand it, but the more titles you win, the bigger the target becomes. Just look at the Warriors during their run and especially after they added KD. 

The one recent exception was probably Toronto because they lost Leonard and didn’t replace him with another superstar. The Warriors too after being decimated by injuries. But the Lakers ran it back and we’re still the top dog to beat. You can deny it all you want but that won’t change the truth. Are there other contenders to take our crown? Absolutely, don’t be stupid.

Keep barking, I know you won’t bite lol
Keep deluding yourself with that nonsense. Everyone knows you aren’t the top team anymore
If we’re not a top team than everyone below us in the standings is shit, including you lol. You beat us once? Good for you. The Wizards beat you twice hahahaha. 

It’s not that difficult kid. If by some miracle the Nets win the title this year and retain their core next season, they would be the team to beat. Even if they lost some games during the regular season they shouldn’t have, as long as they have a solid record going into the playoffs, they would be respected as the defending champs. Would they be automatic favorites? Maybe not. But they would certainly be a dangerous threat and contender to repeat. 

Stop being such a fucking idiot about this and wait until the real season starts.
The season already started you chump. And your Lakers look like shit. Sorry you’re having such a hard time accepting that other teams have passed you
Figures you have no clue that the only season that matters starts with the playoffs.
You say that and yet here you are, on r/nba during the regular season. Idiot
Fuckin hell you’re stupid. What do you get for having the best regular season record or winning your division? A favorable seed or homecourt advantage DURING THE PLAYOFFS. 

The regular season isn’t meaningless but the playoffs is where it really counts. Stop being such a dumbass, I can’t believe I need to explain this shit to you.
Oh so now the regular season matters for seeding. So I can make fun of you and the Lakers for your horrendous performance against the Nets since it’ll hurt your seeding. Looks like the Nets bit you after all. I’m going to be a thorn in your side all year
You’re so sweaty to talk shit. Lol it’s pretty funny actually. 

Kind of like a little yapping dog who won’t leave you alone. Sure dipshit, go for it! :D
I mean it’s really easy to do. Your team is trash and got smoked by my team and you have absolutely no good comebacks at all. I’d be embarrassed if I were you right now trying to defend that sorry performance that LeBum and his band of losers put out on the court
You confuse me for someone who cares lol
It’s been 2 days now and you’re still replying. You would have stopped awhile ago if you didn’t care. Now you’re locked in for the long haul unless you admit to yourself that I’ve got to you and you resort to blocking me
I don’t care about your desperate shit talk. I do care to educate you about what matters during an nba season. You’re welcome.
Oh I’m very aware of what matters. And the Lakers getting clapped on national tv, as well as losing a majority of games to over .500 teams matters. The Lakers are ASS bro. You should be educated about your own team. You’re welcome
Quality loss baby let’s go
The Nets may have KD, Harden, Kyrie, Blake Griffin, and LMA, but only the Timberwolves have the meats.
Minnesota plays really hard. Younger longer teams can get to this Nets team. KAT is a beast which is nothing new. Anthony Edwards plays like he loves the game so the pre draft concerns were BS. 

Good game. On to the next
why the fuck cant we just fucking blow a team out for once so kyrie and harden can take a break
this game was very fun
pretty weird rotations from Nash tonight
Not even mad. 

This was straight up one of the best games the wolves have played this year. Their defensive intensity and their focus all night was so impressive, especially after just getting the shit kicked out of them by the rockets. Held one of the strongest offenses in the NBA below the Wolves' average points allowed.  Finally playing with some pride and playing with some anger. 

McDaniels is going to be fucking special dude.
Honestly that's the best result. Roll with the Nets until the very end then collect those ping pong balls
That Malik Beasley shot was something else.
Timberwolves played hard. Just need some pieces to get back on the right track. GG. I been called this game was going to be close lol
loved the defensive effort most of the game from the wolves. McDaniels looks like a stud in the making and if Ant can ever develop that 3 ball hes going to be an absolute problem
Nets aquired all those buyouts agents just to beat a 🐱 and 🐜?
Timberwolves should be proud of the last few minutes. Nets were up 10 with 2 minutes left; most teams would have given up but the Wolves still gave it a push. I'm looking forward to what the Wolves will bring  in the future!
Someone please post the clip of blake griffin shouting an open three into an airball
KAT feasted
They tried. All I'm asking for
17 offensive rebounds for 20 second chance points for the wolves, 17! Why can't the nets secure the damn rebound
Good result for both teams. Nets looking for the 1 seed soon and Wolves keep the tank rolling
Harden is MVP idgaf what happen in Houston
What the hell were the last 2 possessions for the Timberwolves? Throwing up a hail mary 3 with like 9 seconds left on the clock?
Man the wolves eat the Nets up on the offensive boards.

Little bit sad seeing Clax's minutes got cut down.
KAT is a monster. He was getting doubled most of the time and still had a big game. Hopefully D’Lo comes back soon so he can take away some of that pressure.
Timberwolves did a good job of fighting back but they gave Anthony Edwards an isolation against Green when it was a 1 possession game with something like ~30-40s left.  

Green isn't some lockdown defender but I feel like that's not a great play to run out of a timeout.


Also, love Harden's self awareness in the post game interviews, he's always willing to hold himself accountable first and foremost.
[The Brooklyn Nets Win!](https://streamable.com/wm4jcr)



https://streamable.com/wm4jcr



"Man, I gotta be better..." - James Harden's first words in the post-game interview despite getting a triple double

Look, KD & Kyrie got this shit started, but KD is unrepentantly lowkey and Kyrie is very independent.  Harden is definitely our leader.  He has the right mentality.  All 3 of our stars bring something.  Harden brings cohesion and vision and leadership.

Just call us Red Riot cuz our superpower is Harden.

*Let's Go Nets!*

**BROOKLYN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**

[^^^^^RAWR,villain!](https://streamable.com/qn2la8)
Jaden is just a taller kawhi
Ugly fuckin win. Quality of play went downhill after half
Wolves played some great defense tonight tbh. They’re super active. Mcdaniels looks good and KATS a monster. Our late game execution is still dog shit against bad teams.  But we’re winning at the end of the day. Harden for mvp btw
Why can’t the Nets LOSE
Well I had fun
Ended better than I thought it would
I can’t take these close games much longer
those last two plays by the wolves were...not ideal to say the least
I hate when teams do this dumb ass rushed play to get a quick score when down 3. I mean if it’s a good look I get it but that was just god awful
I am surprised when Harden doesn’t have a triple double at this point
Why the fuck ain't KAT taking those final shots? i guess wolves fans are happy either way, tank rolls on.
I’m impressive with how the Wolves scratched and clawed there back into this game even with all of the mistakes they made. 

Ant was inefficient, but loved the activity on both ends. 

McDaniels had quite of few great moments on Harden and hit some nice 3s.

Towns with a good game, would’ve liked to see the game tying shot go to him.
Nice game by the Wolves. Barring any setback especially to KAT and ANT, they could compete for a playoff spot again next season.
Can we just agree to let KAT shoot 40+ times a game? Dude is so God damn gifted offensively
I'm so fucking tired of moral victories
Wolves deserved the win tonight. Also my god Edwards is a beast. He is going to be a star very soon
Somehow this is a close game for some reason.
I guess some things don't change despite the roster reshuffle.

Also, Harden has been collecting so many triple doubles recently. 
Not sure where did he pick this up from, probably from someone who also played for OKC/Rockets.
Towns deserve better...
edwards 0-7 on 3 lol
Those last possessions by Min were either complete trash or championship tanking depending on how you look at it. 

Would've gone to KAT.
And TWolves won his game for the Cade Cup!


Lets watch the Rockets and Pistons rn
I’ll take it. It would be nice to see Harden play a few less minutes going forward though. Hopefully KD can get back on the court in the next couple of weeks provided there’s no risk for him.
Blake Griffin with highest +/- so unfair
Get KAT out of MIN 😪.
40 fvcking minutes for James Harden!!! How many times already??? Give this man some rest
ughh, 0 assists for Ant, the trend continues.
Nets certainly thought it was over and let wolves back into it. Good job kyrie did return.
Another win haters
KAT and Edward got theirs, tank continues, this a W for you
Moral victory I guess?
The twolves about to win the moral victories championship.
I was impressed with McDaniel's defense. Got some blocks on Harden.

Dude's going to be really good in a few years.
Please get another quality loss on Wednesday bb
We got the meats... Listen to that shit bro that's dirty, that shit sounds dirty! I'm not eating that!
We really don't. 

Except this game, for some reason.
To be fair we are still missing our BEST player.
Teams step up against us, just the way things are gonna be when you got this roster.
Do you think the stars' wear and tear will become a problem in the playoffs?
Rawr, villain
experimenting
not weird. Trash
Mcdaniels is really special. The type of wing player every team wants. Culver on the other hand I don't know man he was looking for his offense like he was the star player on the team at times
I think he thought he was gonna draw a foul but that’s not good thought process to bank on, I’m almost sure that wasn’t how that was drawn up
DJ actually would of helped lol
just complete laziness. Nobody was boxing out and Timberwolves were giving like 110% effort on the boards. Also everybody had butter fingers and couldn't secure the ball when they got their hands on it. Embarrassing victory tonight tbh
Why aren’t you watching the griz game????
Unfortunately it's not even a tank, this is the best team we've got
Our announcer was speculating a broken play because we've never done something with so little action that late but who knows
the beasley one was is because he thought he was going to get fouled as the nets have done that before when up 3, still don't think that it was a good idea tho
Young team making young team mistakes.
Ping pong balls probably
He played kinda poopy today
Welp they don't have DLo to close out games yet so ball is in Edwards hand. Tough to feed a big man in the clutch
Stupid Late 4 quarter TOs killed us. Harden really messed up on a few towards the end
Why the fuck can't you guys lose when you're even down Embiid? comeon, damn!
They've got Harden and Kyrie and some other tall guy sitting on the bench
Why can't Edwards be hitting a few open 3s this game sheesh
Did you expect them to lose this one?
I mean we kinda need to be tanking right now so moral victories sound pretty good
I mean ya'll had that 22-0 run against us the other night.  I didn't even want to win but that one stung bruh.
Actually from MDA.
He has been a triple double machine for years.  More so lately since he gets to guard the paint more and has team mates who can actually shoot.
He's always gotten a fair amount of triple doubles. I think he's top 10 all-time.
Kept the Wolves in the game lol
Bro we beat the worst team in the league by 5 that’s not something to gloat about
Are you flexing beating the fucking TIMBERWOLVES?
Lmao bucs and nets fan 😂
We stomped them out while the Nets struggled. This game was not a good thing for you guys.
We’re going to lose that pick. No more cheering for losses.
How many more seasons is "KAT got his but the tank continues" going to be for KAT though?
That’s a weird way to spell Arby’s but you must be foreign or smth.
Fade for Cade bro.  Straight up win.
He's really good now. Luka went 0 for 7 when guarded by McDaniels
it used to be just "meat" then they slyly edited the slogan
The Wolves have given inconsistent effort, and have been demoralized by ~~victories~~ injuries.  They gave plenty of effort in plenty of games though.
You're best player is playing right now which is the reason you guys are second(and most likely eventually first) in the east. Harden is your best player.
Disagree, second best player.

I get your point though.
We are missing D'lo
Sry this is probably a dumb question, but any idea when he's gonna be back??
LaMarcus? Bet
lol what wear and tear on Kyrie and KD?
Seeing him do that was....unsettling.
Culver is a reclamation project at this point. Let him take some bad shots and maybe get his confidence back long enough to find a decent trade.
Harden always fouls in those situations so it was a smart gamble
Griffin getting into super early foul trouble (4 in the first quarter) and DJ getting beat off the dribble on the switch was hurting us. Having KD back in the line up at the 4 gonna be huge, just for offense and being able to switch onto basically any position.
Didn't watch this game just commenting on the result. Posted it during ad break as well
Offensively yeah but defensively was his usual self
KAT is probably good enough to face up his defender on the perimeter and I'm sorry but if DLo is required to get KAT a good look that says a lot about KAT.
He played the whole 4th, idk why Kyrie didn’t run it at the end
Nets vs philly will be so nice in the playoffs
We lost to the clippers Saturday 😪
We were nightly close to it
I mean it was close
It’s better for you guys to win, your most ideal spot is probably #3

Same odds for the top pick, and y’all can work to build toward something for next year
I mean I get the sentiment, but I've been saying that shit for a decade plus now. I'm tired of waiting and hoping for the mythical future where the wolves are a consistent playoff team. 

Feels like mutants waiting for a future where humans don't make robots to kill them all the time
Yeah you’re right, the wolves need to tank do they can waste the career of another high lottery pick.
The 22 point blowout wasn't fun either.  I didnt mind this game.  Beating the Nets would be fun.  Fans go nuts when their team loses to a 10 win team.
[x] doubt
As opposed to the 22-0 run to finish the game before? Not surprisingly bad teams tend to show up to play against the top team
[deleted]
In general I feel like the effort has been trending up. Between injuries, suspensions, and the HC being fired there has been a lot of things that can derail the confidence and effort of a young team, but if we can rally and finish out strong I’d be really happy.
So harden > KD?
Exactly
His offense looks really rough
What if the defense doubles him because nobody else can shoot or cut?
I don't disagree but Kyrie is even more prone to boneheaded hero ball than Harden is.

At least Harden (generally) has good clock management.
Sounds exhausting, Philly plays so physical I ended up with bruises just watching our last playoff series...
[deleted]
Well keep that streak up man!
We’re 4-7 since the ASB, were gonna win more, losing one like this should offset when we beat someone like the knicks or someone like that. I think we’ll end up in the 3 or 4 spot if I had to guess
I see way more people like you complaining about the fanbase than I actually see the stuff you’re always complaining about. 

The other guy is right, rooting for losses is a loser’s attitude. Obviously I hope we keep our pick, but our best case scenario is still a 60% chance that it’s gone. Rooting to tank is a weak ass mentality that we don’t need.


The only person who is toxic is you, running around Reddit trying to drag the entire Minnesota sports fanbase like some kind of “pick me” girl. If you don’t like it you’re welcome to hop off anytime you want.
Nic Claxton>Harden>KD>Kyrie in that order.
Harden can get any team to playoff. I think Harden has been slight better than KD for the past 2-3 years
if harden joined the warriors instead of kd, will they be as good?
He changed his shooting mechanics mid-season last year and then we had the Covid break.  His shot is just broken right now, and will require a thousand hours of work to fix it.  

That’s what is really going on with him.
KAT is a pretty good passer.  He should be able to hit a guy.
Yeah but a tired Harden isn’t better than a regular Kyrie when it comes to taking care of the ball
As a neutral fan it sounds amazing lol. Goodluck in the playoffs!
I can totally see griffin and dwight going at it
Did Nash get kidnapped or something?
One obvious mistake in that chain.

Joe Harris over Kyrie
Lol what? KD should’ve been last on the list. Andre Roberson > KD too right. Bum on the street > KD
KD has an edge offensively, but Harden’s durability and play making put him slightly over KD for now. KD has definitely out played him in the playoffs, albeit with better teams. It’s gonna be fun to see who plays better when it matters the most.
Respectfully disagree. I think KD and Harden or KD and Kyrie (like earlier this season when we had Caris, Spence healthy, and JA) can win a ring. I don’t think Harden and Kyrie can win a ring. Especially if Harden and Chris Paul/Harden and Westbrook couldn’t

Simply because in the regular season Harden has out played KD, but in the playoffs we’re always reminded every year who KD is again
yeah they would have won another chip, harden doesn't get injured in the finals and even if you think he's worse than durant he's not that much worse.
And the confidence thing. If he airballs a shot he's completely done
Yeah if it were that simple wolves would have a lot more than 11 wins lol. Ant and rubio combined for 0-10 from 3, so every time kat gets doubled, one of those two are usually open.  You can guess what happens from there.
He plays 40 mins a game it feels like. Will this go down when KD comes back or what?
Kd has the edge as a straight up scorer, and defender but other than that, I dunno.. James Hardens entire offensive(including passing, play making...) package might be better...
Eeeeeh...they seemed to mostly play to a push, but Steph-Klay-Dray completely outplayed the rest of the Rockets, with the exception of CP3 who played well for 5 games and then snapped his hamstrings.
Agreed 100%. Wish KD was healthy more
I think that's honestly a better potential outcome than an Ant isolation though.

It's not like Edwards is some crazy efficient player.  I'm not going to down him too much since he's a rookie but he's very inefficient.
As recently as a month ago he was 99th percentile in isolation scoring, while Ricky Rubio 3's are only 34% while wide open
He had 25 possessions at the time, there was a lot of room for error.  Turns out it was the case.

He's probably near the 50th percentile (just eyeballing, so there's room for error) for anyone taking over 1FGA in isolation per game at 0.96 PPP.

I could understand if it was a Harden or Kyrie isolation but it was Jeff Green, he's probably the last one on the floor I would want Edwards to isolate against.
Correction: Brooklyn Nets (28-13) and Indiana Pacers (17-22)*
Harden is built different
James Harden is good at basketball???
Despite winning by 9 and playing all but 6 minutes, Harden was a +25
James fucking Harden was up for grabs and only 2 teams tried to get him, what a league.


Also in the last 14 games the Nets have had the 13th best defense in the NBA, that’s good enough to win the title. They can switch everything and play solid defense when they need to.
James Harden has to be a top 3 MVP candidate. What else does he have to do?!

&#x200B;

EDIT: With the way the standings look and the combined number of games Ky and KD have missed, he might have a decent shot
Pacers have to be the worst 4th quarter team right? Unless there’s another team worse I can’t think of
[deleted]
NBA writers should be collectively embarrassed that they bullshit their way out of giving Harden a second MVP. The dude is one of the best guards of all time and can carry any 4 bums to a winning record
Why does the 4th quarter exist?
UNWATCHABLE TOXIC PLAYER
Harden stats might get all the attention but the real story is NIC CLAXTON. THE CLAXGOD IS RISING!
The Brooklyn Hardens played well tonight
Harden MVP I don’t give a damn...
15 assists off 2 turnovers goddamn
Harden plays EVERY DAMN NIGHT and gives you 40+ minutes of MVP level production. No such thing as too many first round picks and players to trade away for this guy
40 point triple double without KD and Kyrie! James Harden is the frontrunner for MVP right now
Harden is the man. But not one comment about Nicolas fuckimg claxton. I mean what are you people watching...lol
James Harden deserves MVP

Also, how about Nic Fucking Claxton playing the entire 4th? Never thought I'd see the day Nash would finally wise up and play Claxton more minutes than DJ... I could cry tears of joy
the Nets are too good offensively. when they're all healthy with Harden, Kyrie and Durant, this is the greatest offensive lineup in history imo. Up there with the 2017-2019 Warriors.
Pacers playing really heavy schedule these days
Beard man mvp
Petition to adopt the NHL three period model and get rid of the antiquated "4th quarter".

&#x200B;

They are stupid anyways.
JAMES HARDEN IS THE BEST PLAYER IN THE LEAGUE
I don’t see a healthy Nets team possibly losing a 7 game series. Maybe a healthy Lakers team wins but that’s it.
For anyone who doesn't know how to spell MVP, it is spelled "JAMES HARDEN"
MVP period.
The Beard definitely can make a case for MVP this season, no way he finishes outside top 5 in voting
We may never lose again
Dude is climbing up the MVP race. He’s been AMAZING the past month or so
**Harden with the last minute stat pad.** 😤😤

Man has his eyes on the prize
How did the Pacers lose this game?
no matter where Harden goes he has to play 42 minutes to get his team the win, can't catch a break.
Harden just decided to win the game. What a player man, he's a cheat code.
Harden for MVP
Harden MVP
I'm getting sports cucked watching these two games. 😭
Pacers are ass
Man the Sixers get a pass *if* the rumors of Tillman not wanting to trade with Morey are true. But what were the other teams who could have been in on Harden thinking?? Specifically, the Celtics, Heat, and possibly the Nuggets? It's kind of ridiculous to claim that Harden + their post-trade rosters wouldn't have been good enough to compete for a title in these next 2 years. For years Harden has shown he can carry scrubs and journeymen to a high seed in the West. And now on the Nets he just keeps putting up MVP play whether he has Kyrie and KD next to him or Shamet and Tyler Johnson.         

Harden and Tatum, Harden and Jimmy (and Bam? or did Rockets insist on Bam?), and Harden and Jokic are all championship-caliber pairings, and that's all you can really ask for in this league. Maybe they win a title, maybe they don't but it gives you a good a shot as you're probably going to get and it's hard to believe the pieces those teams chose to keep really put them in a better position. The two main counterpoints always seem to be (1) not being able to fill out a championship-level roster after a Harden trade and (2) longer team control of Jaylen/Herro/etc. To point 1, if your GM can't fill out a championship-level roster around Harden and Tatum/Jimmy/Jokic then he probably can't fill out a championship-level roster around those same players and the *significantly* worse co-star you have now. To point 2, the league changes super quickly and you never know how the landscape will have shifted in a few years or whether your young players will still want to be there. 2 guaranteed years of prime Harden (with the possibility for more) imo is better than 3-4 guaranteed years (with the possibility for more) of the players they hung on to. I'm not saying we should be crowning the Nets already or something, but it's been crazy watching Harden keep playing like an MVP and thinking that there were multiple teams that could have topped the Nets offer but chose not to.
pacers come the fuck on
NETS USED HARDEN bing bing NETS BECAME UNSTOPPABLE!
I said this 2 years ago and I'll say it again, James Harden will retire as the greatest offensive player of all time!

Oh yea there was a whole month where he averaged this performance.
Harden for MVP.
That’s my boy😭
With the lost to the Bucks, 76ers now tied with the Nets in the standing.

Letsssgoooo
Nate BcMillan.
Jesus the pacers are ass
imagine harden not even being considered for mvp lmao
I still can't believe teams don't want to trade for this man.

Like, the losing teams who haven't been to the playoffs in a long time. You're guaranteed a playoffs spot if he is on your team even if you surround him with below average nba players
JAMES 'HITLER' HARDEN
Beard man gets paid
Fuck man why couldn't Daryl secretly make the trade under Brand before announcing the hiring
GG Pacers bros, that's a good squad.      
Decided not to divide [my donation amount](https://imgur.com/a/aUhmm9N) by 2 and paid taxes for them. Kidneys are important, and happy Caris' is now healthier and he's back to balling out.
He’s in the MVP convo if not for the mayhem he caused at the start of the season.
Down 2 superstars no issue still got James harden
I mean goddamn the Pacers cannot put a fourth quarter together but also James Harden. Still mystified that he drew a foul by running into his own screener at one point.
so glad pacers lost, Sabonis was chasing triple-double instead of focusing on winning the game
Something to note is that it appears as though Harden's 3 point shot may be broken. 

3-28 for 10.7% since the All-Star game.

Just something to watch out for!
What a shocker
good ol off by one error
This has been happening a lot lately - is it an issue with a particular PGT generator?
What in the fuck was the league thinking?

the pieces don't fit, the defence, lack of depth. All wrong🤦‍♂️ You guys are winning every game without KD..
It's ridiculous, plus also being an ironman somehow, he different different.
How is he better than Tyler Herro pls explain
No way !
And he only sat for 6 minutes!
-16 in non Harden minutes. Not normally a fan of single game +/- but eye test wise the difference was glaringly obvious.
they refused to trade michael porter jr for this man lol
Tyler Herro may average 20 points a game someday though! Cant let him go for a player whose been top 2 in MVP voting 4 times
Green, Brown, and Claxton were just waiting for teams to take the Allen bait before evolving up
He did say he preferred around 3-4 teams but we only focused the 2-3 most likely destinations.


Who knew the Raptors was gunning for Kawhi?
Reminder that Rockets traded him for nouthing
3rd best player in the league after LeBron and KD. Kawhi and him are close. Then Giannis
Since 2014 James Harden has been top 3 in MVP voting in 5 out of 6 years
Convince the hacks that it's not a big deal that he forced his way out of Houston.
It's the media who decide this, MVP is about narrative and that's all in media's control.

I noticed this fact the Harden vs Giannis year. At some point there was no doubt, everyone agree it's Harden, Giannis was not even mentioned much. Then out of nowhere, one day, every media coverage was shitting Harden and brought up that Giannis is more consistant, and Harden had a slow start (which is probably still a 20+/8/8).

Like I understand if the reason is Harden playing bad recently people tends to forget about past glory, but he's been giving 50+ points triple double game like nothing, and media talking about he had a "slow start" for the reason not picking him?  And happen to do that exact same take across the board in the same day? They really made it too obvious.
Thanks, I hate it.

Honestly, if Harden is MVP, I don't know if I'm watching next season. He pulled Operation Shutdown to leave here in the most bitch way possible.

If he gets a reward for him... the NBA can piss off.
Idk. He avg 35 points 2 years in a row and was snubbed. Those seasons are so rare, the last time it happened was MJ.
Pelicans
I can certainly confirm that we are not one of the best 4th quarter teams, if that helps.
Its funny I always see this comment after a game that Harden completely demolishes in the 4th lol
that title 100% belongs to the pels lol
Literally same.
I watched the rockets game for a while but once they got down 20 I had to turn it off
I’m still watching us get demolished, but I definitely watched the end of this game while the Rockets were on break. I miss watching a superstar every night.
Fam, I've seen Houston Harden tonight for my team and I'm a believer. I never really sat down and watched Harden games on the rockets. Now i see what y'all were talking about.
Yep same here. Dude is something else
Holy shit, 18 straight
He should have 3 mvps
It should be between Giannis and Harden if Embiid is out. How can you discredit Harden for a super team when KD is just flat out hurt and not even playing and they lack depth.
Hard agree on this take. I love Giannis but him being a 2x guy and Harden not just feels backwards. No disrespect to Giannis, he's of course also incredible.
It's reckless and endangers players' safety playing for so long. I promote a 3 quarter system, that way everyone will rest for 25% of the game. It is the only way forward.
It’s like ppl don’t realize he only played that way to keep his team head above water for all those years. Talent wise they never stacked up to lob city clippers spurs or warriors. But him dantoni and the 4-out system carried them to a lot of success.
CLAX ATTAX!
Claxton is the one
I think Clax had to play himself back into shape but now that it’s clear he can play 25-30 minutes a game he needs to be locked into that crunch time lineup
Same, DJ honestly didn't move from the paint in the first half and it pissed me off. I hope this trend continues for the future.
Clax forcing steals above the 3 point line and DJ cant budge 2 inches on any screens that target him
 ---  hopefully Nash has seen the light
I think it's been an intentionally gradual progression with clax
He switches so effortlessly, going to be perfect when playing bigs that can extend out to the three point line.
The less i see Deandre playing, the more i like the chances of the Nets winning
Up there in a vacuum but man those Warriors just fit like a fucking glove
He is the best player of the 21st century. Literally scores more and assists more than LeBron James, and Harden is also an elite post defender.
Nets should be favored they have 3 guys who can get 30 each.
They got a better roster then lakers tbh. But Lebron is best player and they are defending champs. 7 game series nets should be favored
Nah, a Healthy AD and Bron can't be discounted. Its why i'm hoping the Clips take out the Lakers in the west if the Nets get to the finals
B-b-but he played his way out of houston!
Can make a case? He's the frontrunner right now.
Top 5????? Are you drunk? He's top 2
[deleted]
He deserves to be in it, but they'll never give it to him.
The past month 🙄
Lmao the best part was you could see every player on the court clear out so that he could get the rebound
Ong i spat out my food, that’s the funniest shit I’ve seen in a good minute, everyone was cheering
they scored less points
I would say bad rebounding, inexplicable 4th quarter choking, and James Harden being unstoppable.
Their roster is even with nets if u take away kd and kyrie. Goes to show u two things. Nets are stacked and pacers just aren’t that talented. Sabonis lone star, levert isn’t himself, Brogdon is least efficient 20 ppg scorer, and everyone else is a role player
We just seem all out of sorts. Our offense looked great in the first quarter, then just never really got in a rhythm from there. So much standing around iso nonsense, which was a big reason we wanted to move from McMillan. Also our rebounding is horrendous and our defense falls asleep a lot. 

I get that we haven't had a full arsenal of starters but damn. It's hard not to be disappointed with the way this team has played this year.
Curse of being a playbook
Lmao fr.
They just stopped playing defence in the 4th quarter...
Pucker your butthole for another 5 minutes I knew my bb harden was going off today
And not even the good kind of ass. Stoked to have that 13th overall pick...
Don’t count on us for anything. You’ll only get hurt.
Imagine thinking Tyrese Maxey and Tyler Herro are too valuable to trade for him.
The fine and possibly losing a pick for tampering would still have been worth it. Although the league might have made them undo the trade and Harden goes to the Nets anyway.
This is extremely normal for harden throughout his career if you followed him when he was on the rockets
He goes on streaks like this for years its normal
I wouldn't know. Whenever I check the PGT generator the records seem to be fine. Will pass word along to the moderator who handles it though!
Harden could have dragged the 2011-2012 Bobcats into the playoffs
Realistically, these were more potential concerns we had about how the team was built. At this point basically all the concerns have been addressed and everyone is shitting themselves
I mean, having a healthy James Harden on your team means your floor for performance is making the playoffs. Put him on any roster and they will make the postseason.
He isn't, it isn't worth trading BABY GOAT for that toxic ballhog, it'll ruin their culture!!
He's an elite facilitator that can drop 30 every game
He had to, did you see the end of the 1st quarter it was horrific.
Quick mafs?
We really need a backup pg. it shouldn’t normally be a problem but without kd and kyrie we have nobody else who can handle the ball
That's insane. Can you imagine Jokic + Harden offense? Every possession is a good look. Of course you probably give up better opponent shooting than anyone else in the league, but it would be fucking fun.
Celtics and Nuggets looking like real clowns now 🤡🤡🤡🤡
You mean they refused to trade mpj, Murray, four first rounders, and four pick swaps lol
"We were only 2 wins away from winning a title, Jimmy Butler is 31, lets take the long view and not go all in"

-Miami apparently
Tbf Tyler Herro, Duncan Robinson, Kendrick Nunn, and the three picks we had left were not enough to convince the Rockets. It’s not like Miami didn’t try.
I'll always respect Masai for that Kawhi trade. All these other GMs would rather settle for having a guaranteed good/above average team for 5+ years instead of risking it all for 1-2 years of having a truly great team and having an actual chance to win a title. If you're a GM and you don't want to have a real chance to win a title than what's the fucking point?
They traded him for 4 unprotected picks and 3 pick swaps + LeVert(who was swapped for Oladipo). I dont think thats nothing.
It really was a terrible return. Can't believe people were tripping over themselves on here trying to praise them when it happened. 

OKC got SGA and picks for PG, Pelicans got lonzo, Ingram, hart and picks for AD. Meanwhile the Rockets got Oladipo on an expiring contract and picks for Harden? Complete garbage
Honestly I've had KD ahead of him forever, but I'm starting to question it. This is the best scoring efficiency Harden has ever had plus his playmaking is just so fucking good. He puts all the role players in such good position to have success
Lmao Steph is better than both kawhi and giannis
The disrespect Giannis is getting is unreal.
People still don't have him in their top 5. I personally don't know how you couldn't have him at least top 3
Top 2 in 4 out of 6.
He should be rewarded. Rockets killed their team and gave him jack shit to work with this year. 

He did what he needed to to give himself a better situation. Can’t be mad at that. Is what it is.
He wasnt snubbed. Giannis was great
This is the answer
Not to diminish Harden here, but it doesn’t take Harden for the Pacers to lose a 4th quarter lead. They could be up 15 against a team of high school kids and a ham sandwich playing point guard and they’d blow the lead and lose it in the 4th.
KPJ looking amazing tho
There has never been a MVP that changed teams during the year they had won the award.

There has never been an MVP to 3 peat for the reward without winning a championship in any of those 3 seasons.

If your right - could be a new first (if the Bucks don’t win the championship).
How is lebron not in the conversation with AD out for so long and the fact that he’s playing All-NBA defense
Harden carried Houston on his back for 8 years and got robbed of two mvps because of the “best player on best team” reasoning. Now he’s the best player on the best team and I’m seeing people say he shouldn’t be mvp because he left Houston. Unbelievable.
D’Antoni and Harden had the Rockets overachieve so significantly that people just forgot they were overachieving and started clowning them for not beating way more talented teams.
[deleted]
Bruh
Pause.
nephew moment
Agreed
Also three of the top five clutch scorers by eFG% (Dame and Sexton are #1 and #2).
Lebron with AD is tough against any tram ever. They’re just too good
“past month” lol, this is the dude who averaged 40+ for half a season and people wanted to meme instead of appreciating
Amazing in the regular season, lost count of playoff chokes I’ve witnessed
I thought Turner was a dpoy candidate
basically what he did in 2016
Into the second round too
He did drag the 2012-2013 Rockets into the playoffs
Lmao our sub was wildin with the harden hate when all those rumors were going around, I’d have accepted anyone but bam and jimmy for harden
r/woosh
Thats the story of TLC, sometimes he hits 5 threes against the Lakers. Other times he gives u -17 in 7 mins. You win some, you lose some.
He’ll be back soon. His rehab videos look promising.
HoneyBeard
… your last sentence is exactly why teams are getting clowned for not trading for him
Part of me hopes this Celtics core stays healthy and never makes the finals. The fact they wouldn't gamble to get over the hump has rubbed me the wrong way.
Blazers, Warriors, and Pelicans should have been in too
Given that they got basically no players back from the nets trade i doubt there was a need to include Murray in that package.
Yeah. James Harden is worth MPJ, Murray four firsts and swaps
After what the Nets gave up for him, doubt you needed to give all that to get Harden
For a year and a half of Harden
Running it back with your young core (other than Jimmy and Dragic) when you lose your second and third best players for most of the series and still take the Lakers to 6 games is not an awful strategy tbh.
A lot of owners would prefer to have a consistent playoff team than a high risk/high reward team that could potentially be complete trash a couple yrs down the road. 

Gotta have fans engaged and keep the revenue coming in.
Harden is going to end up a top 20-25 player all time, maybe higher. If I'm trading him with 2(!) years left on his contract I need more than a bunch of picks who could turn out to be nothing and an expiring contract. I need a proven young player in return who can turn into a star, or a guaranteed very high lottery pick
Yeah, they can go get a whole bunch of pj tuckers with those picks while the nets win titles
That’s nothing, most of those pick swaps will not come to fruition and the first handful of picks will be low first round.
Considering the Clippers got more for PG, that’s still an underpay.
Those late Nets picks are gonna be lottery picks, so it's not yet to be seen what the haul will be.
Harden is a tank. At this point that gives him the edge over KD, who will have to be managed very carefully the rest of his career.

Both are top 5 players on the court, so completely fair to use health as a differentiator IMO
He's been better than KD for awhile.
The same Steph who isn't even in the playoffs as of right now?
Robbed in 2 out of 6
This is logical but I don't like it. Take your upvote and get out of here.
You're right and that's why LeBron is going to get it. Hence why the media keeps talking about how LeBron should have more mvps.
Because there’s no statistical argument for him - just narrative.
Because the lakers weren’t doing so hot for a while bruh
And after the best player on best team, he lost to WB in the 8th seed. I don't get why the NBA hates Houston.
It's a joke.  Hell the narrative flipped on him just on the 2 mvps he was robbed of before. Lost to Curry and WB for the exact opposite reason. Insanity
Yeah, and made ppl forget harden was almost as good a passer as he is a scorer. Which is really saying something
That CP3 injury really sucked, I wish they had won the title that season.
Prepare to flip out my dude.
I dont mind dj starting as long as he doesn't finish
Djs gonna start but clax should finish
I’d argue KD Harden Kyrie are just TOO good also.
Weird that you can’t count past one.
3 fouls in the first quarter, he was cooked from the start.
He’s a great shot blocker, doesn’t have the overall defensive impact like Gobert even tho their defensive skillset is the same. Turner cannot do anything on offense besides shoot, and he’s not that great at it
It's honestly a no brainer, the odds of Herro being better than Harden is almost nothing, so if the rockets are willing to trade you him for Herro as the young player they want back and the Heat want to solidify themselves as a true contender I would 100% take that chance.
He is good when all he needs to do is catch and shoot, the moment he puts the ball on the floor I know something bad is going to happen.
He’s like the 10th man in the rotation so I’m ok with that
Yeah he honestly seems pretty ok. Just seems like the team wanna build him up to guarantee there’s no issues down the stretch of the season
Subscribe
I feel you but Im not so interested in your proposed scenario
> Celtics

> Wouldnt gamble

Boston is like the one team you cant say that about. Traded KG, Pierce and Terry for picks and swaps. Traded Rondo mid-season for Crowder + filler. Traded mid-season for Isaiah Thomas and made a playoff push. Got Horford and Hayward in free agency. Traded IT for Kyrie. Traded Rozier for Kemba.

You can complain about a lot of things, but saying Ainge “doesnt gamble” is verifiably false
No he isn’t
on the contraire, the fact that only two teams had the cojones to put a real offer on the table allowed the Nets to skate away with only losing two key players who weren't even the best players on the team
It's not bad, but that's not the issue here. The problem is that all the relevant contenders got better and made substantial additions to their team, but the heat didn't do much in that regard and in fact got worse with the loss of Crowder and Jones Jr.
I can see the logic in that, but I'd rather give up everything to have Harden, Butler and Bam and figure out the rest on the fly. Another huge benefit of trading for Harden is that he isn't on another contender in your conference
Oh yeah I completely understand it, these GMs have great high paying jobs and don't want to get fired. Just for my personal entertainment I would like it if there were a few less risk averse GMs and a few more GMs out there who are just going for it
a title also buys you trust, longer job security(Dumars for goodness sake), and a higher floor of your fanbase projections
I think it's kind of crazy they didn't want what the sixers offered over the nets. Simmons is a great player and I feel like he'd work amazingly next to Wood. John Wall is a problem for sure with the fit but I think they might have found a way to offload him in a year if they attach a few picks.
The Rockets weren't exactly going to contend in the near future regardless of the trade they made for Harden.
We could very well be atrocious as soon as '22-'23 as the big 3 all have player options.
You are neglecting a key piece of context in this comparison...
Yeah... Could turn out to be someone as good as Harden. /s
Not even sure they're gonna be lottery picks. Even if all 3 stars are gone/washed in 2025 and beyond the Nets will have no incentive to tank, they'll presumably still have Sean Marks, they'll still be a big market to attract Free agents, and they're still in the East. 

And even if the picks are say 7th overall you're more likely to draft a wendall carter, jarrett culver, frank ntilikina type of player than you are a superstar
With the way Marks draft, we still may get ballers with those picks. If it gets us at least 1 ring, it would be worth it man.
You might be right. I think you can make an argument that he's been better ever since either 2017 or 2018. But so much of the narrative of who's better than who is fueled by who wins head to head playoff series and of course the championship and that obviously does not benefit Harden
If I need somebody to get a bucket on a single possession I'm choosing KD.  If I need somebody to run an offense over a the course of a series I'm going with Harden.

KD is probably the best scorer in the league, but Harden brings so much more to the table and that makes him the best overall offensive player.  The fact that the Nets have the best scorer and all around offensive player is beyond absurd.  Then you remember they have Kyrie who is a fucking magician.
I mean that's technically correct because he's been hurt for a long time but he absolutely was not better than KD prior to his achilles injury.
Not this again ...
Just as Harden wouldn't be if he was in the Rockets right now.
Lebron: 39 games, 25.5/8/8, 51% FG, all NBA defense. 

Lebron’s record: 27-13. AD only played 23 games, missed the last 12. 

Harden: 35 games, 25.5/11/8, 48% FG, not all NBA defense 

Harden’s record: 23-12 (20-6 with Nets). Kyrie has played in 22 out of 26 games since Harden joined, KD played in 8. 

They’re definitely at least close statistically. Lebron has more total stats/games played, all nba defense and no second star for half the season, harden has more assists per game. To say there is no argument is just stupid
Nets are 28-13 and lakers are 27-13, that’s half game apart. Not to mention that Harden has had Kyrie most of the time
Still winning enough to be in the conversation
I’ve watched harden since he entered the league and he’s had so many playoff funks for someone who’s exceptional in the regular season.
Those 2 turn overs at the end of the first 🤦🤦
too bad he didn’t gamble for one of the greatest offensive players of all time in his prime
Yes he is lol. A year and a half of that gives you a better chance to win than anything else
DJJ was not a loss at all, he played like 5 minutes when it mattered and was pretty bad, Crowder had a great series against the Bucks but he was pretty bad against the Celtics and the Lakers however we traded for Ariza to take his role. Also it’s not like Miami didn’t offer Tyler, Duncan, and picks, the Rockets didn’t take our offer because we didn’t have much to offer.
Miami offered everything they had (which isn’t that much really), they just didn’t want the offer.
Yeah but it would be nice to have a single interesting player on their roster. If christian wood is your most exciting young player, you have none of your own firsts outside of coin flips... Well, good luck. They didn't even keep levert, instead took a washed up oladipo
[deleted]
A boats a boat! But a box? It could be anything. It could even be a boat!
They didn’t have any incentive to tank when Boston got gift wrapped Tatum and brown either though sometimes teams are just bad and the new lottery odds absolutely inflates the value of “barely missed the playoffs” firsts
You are right about that.
Yes he was and is. Literally took the dude to 7 games with him having the most stacked roster of all time. That team then got worse as well as Chris Paul and he still took that team to 6 games with every game being very close. He's been better than KD for 3-4 years. Comparable scorer and vastly better playmaker. Both are the average defenders.
Yes he would lmao. Did you see the shit he carried in 2015?
Cmon I thought we were passed the days of using FG% here. Harden has a better TS% if you want to look at that. I’m not saying Harden is MVP today though, he’s just trending up. 

If you look at impact metrics like VORP, WS/48, and BPM it’s Jokic by a mile. 

Just saying there’s no thing Lebron leads in. He’s near the top in everything so he’s in the discussion, just not leading IMO.
plus the optics of giving it to the dude who quit on his team lol he ain't gettin duh votes
I have too, and there’s only one series that you can legitimately blame on Harden choking.
I think every Nets fan in the world saw them coming.
Any time TLC is handling the ball for more than a couple seconds I assume it’s going to be a turnover. Dude just dribbles with no plan on what he’s gonna do.
The last time he took a gamble on a star that didnt wanna be here, Boston lost a championship window.
They made it to the WCF without him. That’s wayyyy too risky of a trade. 

If Murray wasn’t included it’s worth it
So you think limping along with a string of 2nd round exits and an increasingly frustrated superstar is the way to go?

I do wish we got more assets for Harden, but blowing it up was the right call.
I'm completely fine with that lmao.
They didn't have any incentive to tank, but they still had Billy King making decisions as GM until 2016 which is basically tanking haha
Legit experienced the most success in his career, being lead by who? KD. 

He’s never touched Durant’s post season numbers or success, on the same team, or apart from one another.
2015-16 season when Rockets finished 8th, Harden's season average was 6.1/7.5/29. The team did 0.5.

Curry is averaging so far 5.3/6.2/29.3 and they are at 0.512.

Yeah I think it's safe to say right now Rockets would be 8th max above Mavs. I don't seem them going above that.
If lebron is near the top in everything, then there’s an argument. And I keep talking about lebron’s defense which is major as well. Among the MVP candidates (minus embiid), lebron is miles ahead defensively. 

If the nuggets catch the lakers/nets in record, I agree jokic should be MVP. 

Lebron has a higher VORP and BPM than harden, behind in WS/48 and TS% (60% vs 63%). If you’re gonna push Harden for MVP, fine, but saying Lebron has no statistical argument is dumb.
2014?
>Boston lost a championship window. 

Please tell me this isn't about Kyrie. The idea that there was a championship window with IT or the rest of the Celtics roster at the time is laughable at best.
I would've said the same tbh before the harden trade, that levert and allen plus picks is too much. But he is definitely worth that, honestly I think nets got him for a bargain
He was not the same player he was now.

Might want to take a closer look at their post season numbers again chief.
Never ever list a player's averages again
It is about Kyrie. The trade turned out terrible in the end. Boston lost Crowder, the pick that went on to become Sexton, and IT. 

Kyrie was injured and didnt play in his first postseason, and sabotaged the second postseason, then left without any compensation.

That led to Boston losing Horford, trading Rozier away for Kemba, and then losing Hayward for nothing the season after.

It all starts with Kyrie
Nets got him in highway robbery
Looked again & Durant’s numbers are better? Unfair to compare their finals numbers, given Durant’s played in three to Harden’s one, but Durant’s the most efficient finals volume scorer of all time & has two finals MVP’s. 

So....
Yeah, that bitch is making me itch. Thought he was listing some random advanced stats.
An interesting sequence of events that I had not considered the interconnected nature of. Thanks for the response!
He has slightly higher true shooting and worse offensive impact while playing on a better team against weaker competition. Im comparing OKC KD to Houston Harden. Also I dont really give a crap about any success KD has had on GS LOL, a lot of superstars could do what he did on that team.
You can try to rationalize it however want, doesn’t really matter at the end of the day, fact remains Durant’s been definitively better.
I don't understand. Why did Lillard not simply make 8 3's in the final minute of the game?
Give James a rest man. He's deserved it ten fold.
Harden couldn't hit a blind old lady in the fourth lmao but his passing was great
Harden couldn’t hit a 3 or most shots to save his life tonight but still showed you why he’s so dominant.
Even when he goes 0-7 from 3, 17 assists to 4 turnovers.
Gotta give kudos to the Nets for drafting/managing their assets so well that even after the Harden trade they're still able to field such a competent team around the 3 superstars.
Harden has been in a bad shooting slump from 3 but he's still making it work (mainly with playmaking) which is why he is one of the greats.
Our 4 playoff games this year are going to be fun
Another rough game scoring wise from Harden (and Dame too, to be fair, but he was more efficient) but 22/7/17 is still a wild statline.
wow i love claxton
The Nets commentators are amazing. 

Tall Jaden Smith is super fun to watch too
Dame and Harden were tryna outbrick each other down the stretch lol
It is really incredible that Harden who is so good at isoing can also be that good at playmaking.

Even though harden is having a shooting slump now, I am sure that will improve when their two other decent players come back.

That would really make the offense of Brooklyn Nets so obscene.
Harden shot like shit but he played 40 mins whilst being injured
Claxton not playing 30+ minutes a night is a travesty. Dame looked absolutely dumbfounded everytime Claxton switched onto him and couldn't shake him.
Yikes Dame and CJ , thought they would be better after that 50 point loss to the Mavs
Jeez 17 assists for harden? Wtf
Harden looks like he needs a rest. But knowing him he'll play tomorrow ... Claxton a beast so far ... Goes to show why Marks wasn't hesitant to trade Allen
Kanter was a rebound magnet tonight. Played with great energy
Fuck 10pm tip offs
Dame is hobbling out there. Gotta give him some time off man
And this was a "bad" harden game. He's so good, the media disrespect is a travesty. Can't believe some don't even have him top 5 in MVP.
You just know we're gonna lose a playoff game because of our inbounding


Blake was fighting. Man has effort, and he still looks lost on offense. That bench unit with him, Meth, Clax is gonna CLAMP. He was taking charges and diving on balls 🤩🤩
17 assists?
I think we need plays that are not a quick 3
I have so much respect for James Harden and leaves everything out on the floor, EVERY night. Doesn’t matter who's on the floor, as long as he is playing his team competes.

Also Claxton might be DPOY in his prime. Don't know how to confirm this but pretty sure no one made a shot when Claxton was guarding them
[strong rally in the 4th by the Nets](https://imgur.com/a/cH9WVM8)
Harden is prob Nets best post defender while Claxton is prob their best perimeter defender. Way too many possessions attacking Nets in those situations. The team has kind of an inverted defense on what they're good at
Blake Griffin played near perfect in the 19 minutes he played. The reports of his demise have been greatly exaggerated.
[deleted]
This will sound crazy and homerish

There aren't more than 3-5 better bigs at guarding switches than Nicolas Claxton... already
Is Kanter good this season, Blazer’s fans?
No KD, no kyrie, no problem
Hard to believe Blake is on this team
Nic Claxton is really something special
Challenge system needs some tweaks.
Unexpected win. Minus Kyrie and KD our supporting cast around Harden was just better than the one around Lillard. Was obvious when they were both on the bench at the same time. This team is really REALLY good
We always find a way to win against .500 teams even when we are not suppose to lol. GG blazer bros
Harden for MVP fuck your narrative
why tf do these guys keep winning ffs it was Harden and friends against the full Blazers team!!
Terry Stotts makes some...questionable decision making, to tell you the truth
Nicolas Devir Claxton.

 That is all
Dame was invisible the last quarter
Nic Claxton is a beast
Portland going hero ball down the stretch was just sad to watch. Didn’t even attempt to shoot it inside the arc, only got 2s off of Kanter’s boards. As they say, live by the 3, die by the 3. But man, they didn’t have to live by the 3, the paint was wide open
Can someone give me a good reason why Harden shouldn't be the frontrunner for MVP right now?
Offensive rebounds:

Brooklyn Nets: 10

Enes Kanter: 10
Harden should be in the MVP race but media won’t give it to him
Harden could only dream of  a supporting cast this good in most of his Houston years
On defense, Claxton plays like Draymond if he weren't undersized
We never get any open shots. No offense. Just iso iso iso. Kanter the only man who can make shit happen tonight and you never pass him the ball.
55 fucking 3PA by the blazers damn
It's fun seeing Claxton used like mini Capela. If the dude puts on some muscle he'll be a walking 20-10 with starter minutes thanks to Harden.
Best playmaker in the league
Harden should be MVP
I really dislike that review on the steal- 2 on none is stopped by the foul call, successful review and all they get is a jump ball?
The last 3 quarters were very impressive. Shows this team are very capable when dealing with adversity (Harden's neck, Brown being poked in the eye by Lillard) even without Kyrie and KD.

If the Warriors can handle the Sixers (not holding my breath), tonight would be a very good night. Devils beat the Flyers earlier tonight, too.
going with jones jr in the 4th over melo was silly
So sooo many bricks down the stretch damn.
Who is this Nic Claxton I keep hearing about? Going to have to catch some highlights.
Whose idea was it to keep on hunting Claxton against CJ or Dame? Claxton was definitely up against them but no adjustments were made
It’s good to see Lillard show up in playoff form.
DaM3 T i Me
25/7/***17***

GIVE THIS MAN HIS 2ND MVP
Just give us the chip now ain't nobody beating us and we aren't even full strength
That was fucking awful. There's no excuse for losing a game like that.
Thought we'd get it into OT when we won the jump ball. Fuck, I hate teams intentionally fouling when up 3 to prevent the 3pt shot.
Portland has been so much worse than their record suggests.

&#x200B;

\-1.3 net rating after this loss which is good for 21st in the league. Dame deserves all the credit he gets for dragging that to 25-18 somehow by historical clutch performance.
Sucks that Kanter plays his heart out and not everyone else on the team does. CJ was really bad. I guess he was counting that crocs money.
Harden needs to sit tomorrow.. man desperately needs some rest
James Harden & Nicolas Claxton > KD & Kyrie.

Sorry guys I don’t make the rules.
“Well ackshually if you were paying attention the blazers missed at least one shot during the course of the game. *therefore* the refs chicanery was not the reason we won the game, as the blazers could’ve made one of their missed shots and won!” -Nets fans, rn
Pray someone at your work cares about you the way the refs care about Harden.
If mvp voters weren't in their feelings the ladder would be dame harden giannis
Harden with the 29/0/85 shooting. MVP
We may never lose again
Claxton seriously gives me baby Capela vibes and he can also defend the perimeter well. He’s gunna be a very valuable player in a few years
I’m just tipping my hat to Enes Kanter.
crazy how much the pace of the game has changed.  dame shot 5/17 and that was actually better shooting than harden or CJ and yet the game ended 116-112.  20 years ago that's a 78-74 game with that shooting.
It's James, Giannis and Jokic for the MVP and it showed why tonight. James was so good with every decision he made (even his ass missed shots).
It says a lot that Harden is winning these games. It's pretty fucking crazy tbh. It's Harden, Harris, and a bunch of rookies and vet min guys. 

I don't think anyone else can carry like this right now.
Anyone else notice how fast Harden was sprinting in transition? I think that’s the fastest I’ve ever seen him run.
Nash is doing a fantastic job managing Jordan, Green , Clax & Griffin minutes so far.
My takes of this game.

Nicolas Claxton made Lillard his biatch those last two minutes. I don't think you need to see more and there's no reason for him not to become a starter and play 30 min a game. Not only that, his per 36 production must be crazy but I guess it's a bit inflated by playing with Harden.

The Nets won this game scoring 9/30 from three against one of the top shooting teams in the league. Lillard and McCollum combined for 7/29 or something like that. Ouch

Blake Griffin looks bad. He still got 8 points, 6 boards and two steals but clearly a lot of people were concerned for a reason. Still for a minimum it's not a bad player to have.

Enes Kanter is a fucking beast and it's going to be a bigger problem when he goes back to playing against opposing benches once Nurkic comes back.
Thought for sure nets lose this one given who was missing. Great quality win on the road for them. Wonder if harden sits tonight in utah
Harden tried so hard to give the Blazers that win.
Very bizarre decision by Dame to miss those shots.
He's not julius randle
claxtons length definitely bothered him on some 3 attempts. I mean he didnt attempt a couple and passed out instead.
Read this in the voice of Lrrr, ruler of the planet Omicron Persei 8!
Two words: Nicolas Claxton
Wasn't playing against Russ
Because it would have helped us.
Harden spent the last 8 years carrying the rockets only to be traded to a team with 2 other all stars and still has to play 40 minutes a game lol.
Tomorrow is a scheduled L no doubt
Is it stupid to say I still think he played a good game? It's weird. Now I read he went 0-6 in the fourth and I literally didn't even notice watching the game. He still seemed in control. Shooting slump or not, he's still carrying the team to wins.
Putting it lightly
He’s one of the best floor generals in the league
Wtf he had 17 assist?
Yeah their depth is surprisingly still pretty good even after the trade.
Crazy thing is we still have dinwiddie who is currently injured... Hoping we can trade him for somebody helpful in the next few days
The coaching staff has a super solid game plan that helps our players too. Like the start of the 4th quarter the Nets line up of Johnson-TLC-Harris-Griffin-Claxton went on a 8-0 run, a line up which has never played together before but still moved the ball well and found mismatches and open shots with ease.
yeah, to think the nets could have hall of famers bruce brown, joe harris, and nic claxton and still have such a strong supporting cast of role players in harden, durant, and kyrie to back them up
Exactly. Most stars are limited to just scoring and if that shot isn’t falling then they’re pretty much non factors for their teams
He usually goes into shooting slumps when he has to carry and he's been carrying a lot lately. Dudes exhausted lol
That's the goal.  Participation trophy roster building.  Brought to you by Neil Olshey.
Dame needs a 2-way wing as his co-star. CJ is really nice but scoring is not the Blazers' issue. Covington and DJJ can only cover for so many people.
"Blondes have more fun!"
You forgot CJ
Cheering for harden against the western conference teams is where mav fans find themselves
Harden looks gassed. Another almost 40 minute night for him. I bet he doesn’t play tomorrow.
Its honestly fucked
He’s still getting his conditioning up. He’s still only played around 30 NBA games ever so he’s still very raw.
> Claxton not playing 30+ minutes a night is a travesty.

He gets gassed too easily, he just needs more run, he'll get there.
He’s slowly working up more. When he first came back he would be gassed after just a few minutes. Probably won’t ever get up to 30 but he’s beginning to get the bulk of the center minutes
he's playing more and more each game, and closing, it's coming
He's still building up stamina; he has fewer than 30 career NBA games played in 2 years, despite being so good out of the gate
he will get there, give it time
he's basically a rookie in terms of games played, it's gonna take a little bit for him to pick up that workload. he still gets gassed out there
Dude I was creaming watching that... He didn't pull up a Dame^^TM Three on him once.
Just in case nobody's said this yet, he's still getting in game shape
Claxton gassed easily basically a rookie give him time
its like his 10th game and hes had a bunch of injuries in his career. they just tryna work him in. hes closing every game now.
Clax is still playing into shape, he gets tired easily no reason to play him 30+ minutes this early.
He’s so much better than DJ. Hopefully Kyrie and KD can look past playing with their buddy and realize that Claxton gives them a better chance at winning.
I love Claxton but Dame, McCollum, Jones were just awful tonight. They were 8/34 combined from three. They were terrible.
Claxton and Harris are the two guys I want to stay the most no matter what (besides the Big3)
He’s not in that good of shape yet.
He had 17 assists against Portland to start the year as well
He's one of the best offensive rebounders I've ever seen.
Yo, but YES Network Nets *After Dark* with Ian Eagle and RJ was lit.  They don't get that giggly in primetime.
Harden: "It was a trap game playing 25-year-olds at 12 o’clock in the afternoon. They trapped me. I just couldn’t really find it. I find all my shots were short. I end up making some late in the game, but throughout the game just really can’t get over the hump."
rip off is a great name for blazers tip off time
Espn had him as the 9th best player in the league. Media just don’t like the man. He’s top 3
I can't believe people don't have him as top 3 tbh
KD tall tho
The play call is good with the two on each end maximum spacing. Kyrie is quick, Harden can body and create room for a catch, and the trump card is KD is 7 feet. They have as good a chance as anybody to get it in cleanly with top tier FT shooters
If you play philly the end of the games are gonna be back and forth 5 second violations and turnovers on the inbounds
I think someone made a 3 but seriously you can see how uncomfortable short guards get when they have claxton in front of them lol it's usually a forced up well contested jumpshot
Billy?
Kanter was handling Claxton inside. But yeah his perimeter D was insane on CJ / Dame
That happened at least 3 times this game. Wondered what was going on
I thought I was going crazy, that scoreboard was bugging out all game
Harden and Claxton are like basically the same weight. 

Harden is like an offensive lineman, people just don't move him when he's playing post defense. I lol'd when he forced Kanter into a shitty off balance floater.
Harden is great at post defence but now I'd say that title would go to BG. BG has the strength down low but also gets up for blocks while James tends to gamble for the steal.
it’s crazy how tight 1-3 is in the East.. and then there’s a huge drop off after that lol
I've been saying the same thing about fuckin Philly
You misspelled sixers.
Sean marks is nick fury and he’s just assembling the avengers. Just like at the end of end game, we lose a couple battles but end up winning the war ;)
The Nets and 76ers are stingy with losing lol. Would be surprised if we finish higher than them at the end of the year.
I'm pretty sure we gonna lose tonight against the Jazz lol
James Harden, hasn't anyone been paying attention for the last 10 years?
why does it matter?
Not crazy at all. He’s nuts on switches, he’s gonna be massive in the playoffs. Although, when I think about it I don’t think you’ll match up with many teams with insane guard play in the playoffs.
His perimeter defense is great for a big man
Blazer appreciator here: Kanter works perfectly in the offense cause most of the shots are 3s and Kanter can clean up a lot of the bricks. On defense he's ATROCIOUS but he puts in effort so it's not rly his fault more his body. It's crazy that the Blazers got him for Mario Hezonja
You guys had a sure 2 point fastbreak before that Harden call. That was tuff
Yeah the exact scenario happened to us this season, where a clear fast break turnover was called wrong, overturned, but the Nets actually lost the jump ball, which was doubly infuriating.

I feel like it's iffy to give 2 points when a basket's not made, but I definitely think teams that win challenges which clearly lead to a change of possession, should keep possession.
I got Jokic right now but Harden at a pretty close second.
Stotts is not out there jacking up 3's and taking questionable 30 footers. And look at the roster he's working with. How many people are Covington and DJJ going to cover for on the defensive end??
we clanked some wide open threes. Not much else he could do tbh.
Kanter and Covington needed to take more shots. McCollum was 5/19. Dame was 5/17. Jones was 6/14. Kanter and RoCo needed more attempts when those three were just bricking.
Nets played great defense tbh especially when claxton was on him 

Teams are going to realize they probably shouldn't try to force a switch on him lol
Honestly he just got strapped
Suicide by the 3
Foul baiting man bad /s
Because MVP is MPP, Most popular player or MMSHDP most media sucked his dick player.

 The media is basically Fox news and Harden is Corona Virus or Biden being president. "Fake news" according to them.
Giannis has similar stats and better defense, and no Durant to help get those wins.
Lakers wins tonight: 0

Nets wins tonight: 1
This how you cope with your failing Empire. 

Sad.
Really striking how Reddit consensus has shifted in the last month or so.

At the start of the season, a lot of people were saying everyone outside the big 3 (and Harris) was trash, and that this team would be a test of whether superstars can drag shitters to wins.

And now that they're winning people are hyping up Claxton, Green, Brown, even TLC, DJ or Johnson are getting props.

Does anyone seriously think these guys are better than the supporting cast of pretty much every other team?

They haven't all become much better players. Many, many journeymen in the NBA are capable of performing well, if given a chance to shine like this imo.
Outside of Joe Harris & clax defensively this supporting cast isn’t even that great  tbh. Harden just brings the most out of all his teammates per usual.
Hard to get open looks with the personnel on your team . Very few creative players
Yessir, people finally realising Enes' elite passing range.
Does Bledsoe not exist?
Unfortunate for the Blazers but a successful challenge on a foul called will only result in a jump. Makes it worse since they almost had a fastbreak opportunity
our new god, highlights dont do him justice unless they show defensive possessions
>11

[https://twitter.com/PlayboiClaxton/status/1374578331300028416](https://twitter.com/PlayboiClaxton/status/1374578331300028416?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1374578331300028416%7Ctwgr%5E%7Ctwcon%5Es1_&ref_url=)

[https://twitter.com/Lucas\_Kaplan/status/1374553747314053125](https://twitter.com/Lucas_Kaplan/status/1374553747314053125?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1374553747314053125%7Ctwgr%5E%7Ctwcon%5Es1_&ref_url=)

[https://streamable.com/yrorkc](https://streamable.com/yrorkc)

[https://twitter.com/TalkinNets/status/1372357392202149890](https://twitter.com/TalkinNets/status/1372357392202149890?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1372357392202149890%7Ctwgr%5E%7Ctwcon%5Es1_&ref_url=)

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnXAI7cHXLs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnXAI7cHXLs)
Imagine a young AD with none of the offense haha

Really good switching big with fast hands, can get some nice weak side blocks, can finish lobs and put backs. But is like 220 lbs soaking wet.
if paul george is playoff p, is lillard playoff L?
He shot 29% and scored 25 points on 24 shots. I don't see how you can take him over Jokic or Giannis.
The magic and Mavericks have entered the chat
We didn't do that before and got burned, no more of that from us lmao. Nash is now always going to foul in those situations.
Strategy
Dame over harden? Nah
[deleted]
25/7/17 and a WIN
hes a very valuable player already
Blake didn’t even look bad? Looked pretty decent to me
Yeah he’s sitting but he honestly deserves the rest
You mean garland sexton?
He was impressive on an island with Lillard a couple times
I mean this is what he asked for lmao
He will can rest in the first round of playoffs when kd and kyrie are back
Trap game for Utah
thats what i thought when we played Philly with the big three out lol so who knows?
Nah not at all. 17 assists is definitely something lol
reminds me of the bulls playoff game where lebron hit the game-winner.  his line for the game was 10-30 with 8 turnovers, which is basically awful, and yet it felt like he controlled the entire game.  that's why there's levels to this.  some guys just know how to sense their way through a game.
Exactly my thought. I noticed the huge scoring drought of the final 6 minutes of the game, but it didn’t seem like a Harden specific thing.
Which one 🧐
Would've had 18 or 19 if Claxton didn't miss a few layups that he eventually made after getting his own rebound.
Dinwiddie recharging in his hyperbaric chamber just chilling with his bitcoin fortune.
I really don't want to trade din
I like Dinwiddie, but if we can get a decent piece right now that puts us in a better chance for a championship run, we do that. There's no promise that our guys get healthier next year.
Aka the Brady Beal
Pacers west
heh... heheh..... heheheheh..... HEHEHE.. HAHAHAHAHAHA
they also need to not play enes. Sure he gets his boards but holy fuck is he lost on defense.
Look at me. Giannis to Blazers for one year and then vice versa. Both teams win, we are all happy.
Smart for CJ?
He needs a Jimmy Butler tier star next to him, CJ doesn’t have to go nowhere though.
They should trade CJ for Gordon (the Orlando one)
This game was a throw back to Harden in Houston hard carrying.
he looked gassed every game in '19 carrying the rockets without cp3 and madman just kept doing it
He’s in his usual shooting slump now. It’s funny how he does that every season after the all star break
I bet he does. He should rest but he probably won't.
And it'll be at altitude in Utah, no less.

I'd be pretty surprised if he did play, given that.
No Harden, KD or Kyrie against Utah? No worries.
It really sucks to see him giving it everything he has, and then Kyrie fucking takes a vacation.
True.. but DJ gets tired after like 2 minutes and he barely even moves. I’m just happy that Clax has been closing games.
Reminds me of Capela in Houston. He'd get gassed so easily early on too so Houston would have to play Nene.
id wager 25 max. 25, 12 for deandre, and 12 mins of small ball.
to bad he is completely useless on defense
*Clax dunks*

Ian: "BLONDES HAVE MORE FUN"
You mean Doncic no?
top 1
Kanter is like every skinny center's nightmare.
Harden tricks the opposing team to keep challenging him which leads to good results. 

He gives serious effort when you try to back him down, while his perimeter defense is like zero effort. You give a couple weak cross moves and he lets you go by. I know he can do better, but he isn't interested lol
Considering Giannis is the opposite of a last 5 minutes player and Kyrie and Harden are the epitome of it, you might be on to something.
[deleted]
Crazy that a defender who is by all accounts terrible can still lead the Blazers in minutes in a game against the best offensive team in the league.
he was fouled though
Not mad at the Jokic pick either
Maybe shoot less threes? Seemed like we were forcing threes in the last 2-3 minutes even hough we were only down 3.
You mean the 7 games Durant has played with him? The Nets have been missing players all season, dudes in and out of the lineup. Harden has had Kyrie for a lot of it but How Many games has Giannis won without Middleton and Holiday by his side? Harden is over .500 with the Nets when Kyrie and KD don't play.

I dont agree Harden is the front runner, but I can see Having Harden over Giannis even though a lot of people have strong cases.
Yea those whole 7 games lmao
[Cognitive dissonance](https://np.reddit.com/r/GoNets/comments/mbsoqe/game_thread_brooklyn_nets_2914_portland_trail/gs058zc?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3)
Dude won 50 games all the time with pretty questionable team mates lmao
We have a million ball handlers. Just no passers. It’s pathetic
Thank you! His defensive footwork and foot speed is astounding. The Nets have themselves a gem here.
Wow, that's a really cool description of Claxton! Very interesting that the Nets had such a talent hidden away. The Houston Rockets should have done more of their due diligence.
His team is winning. He’s been doing this with and without KD and Kyrie.
Are we just going to ignore 17 assists
Don't care. He's been hyper efficient all season.

TOP SEEDS MATTER
lol that's such a casual take. You'd probably insist Kobe was not a good player.
Well seeding would be the answer depending on where they land and Giannis is just as unlikely to win as Harden narrative wise because of threepeating/perceived choking.
Lol Giannis isn't even in the convo and Jokic is 5 seed. When Harden was 4th but tied with second with way better stats, a way worse team, a way more injured team and yet seeding was used to disqualify him. Cmon now bruh, atleast be consistent. Your like a trump supporter or Qanon cult member
The what
Twice too lol
I forgot Harden has been winning all these games with KD playing at a high level. Also are you still considering Blake an all NBA talent? lol
Yeah he needs the rest really
Or garton sexland?
He’s been pretty incredible on D considering his age/experience.
Claxton did a good job of keeping his feet on the ground and not falling for Dame’s pump fakes.
He asked for the other players to be made of glass?
Nets winning this much when fucking KEVIN DURANT and KYRIE are not playing is absurd to me. I genuinely believe we have a warrior situation at our hands.
We still remember our last game against you guys
His shot
> miss a few layups that he eventually made after getting his own rebound

Woah, Clax is just a super upgraded Drummond (minus like 50 pounds).
You cant pay him either. 

Better for both side tbh.
Imo if Powel is on the table they have to do it
Why not? Din has made it clear his contract is an investment and will allow people to choose where he goes. He’s not bound to the nets
Steph Curry too
They made the WCF two years ago lol
The Jazz are Pacers west.
Laugh it up, Gold Dust Junkie.
He’s really good for a backup. But that’s what he is.. a backup. Can’t have starter expectations for him
Blazers to Giannis?
I don’t see Harden resting till Kyrie comes back. He took a pretty decent hit last game and still played tonight. Against the Jazz especially I’m sure he’ll want to play. 

He might sit against the Pistons on Friday even with Kyrie still out, but it wouldn’t be surprising at all if he still plays. It’s Harden, that’s what he does.
Bull shit prepared to be steam rolled by the best team in the league.
To be fair Nene was great for us
It really is, he’d be really fucking good if he was a rim protector too.
Nope, Harden is miles ahead of Doncic
Honestly very relatable. It's hard to stay consistently engaged defensively on the perimeter, but nobody wants to get bodied in the paint and look like a bitch.
Yeah it was nice watching Melo try to back him down after he just got easy buckets on smaller Nets guys. Also when Harden carries so much offensive load I guess he knows when to preserve some gas in the tank. On the Rockets he was like that all the time too.
y tho?
It's more just that they don't have other options cause their bigs are injured and Roco was in foul trouble so Kanter got to play more
Which was challenged and overturned which led to a jump. Blazers were fucked either way.
most were decent looks, and Dame is our only source of penetration and he couldn't break down Claxton. Going inside was not really possible.
I’m still confused at how RoCo hits back to back 3s to bring us within three, and the next four possessions are
Enes Postup (miss)
Dame Contested Step back 3 (miss)
CJ contested step back 3 (miss)
Dame contested step back 3 (miss)

It’s a 3 point game, RoCo is 4/5 from 3 and DJJ has been cutting and getting open consistently. Why not go back to any of the action that just worked?
Pee pee poo poo
2nd seed in the west Donatas montejunes getting starter minutes lol Harden knows how to win with anybody
Ya I was getting on more on passers. Plenty of guys that can shake defenders but little to no good passers.
Dude's basically a rookie, he's only played 25 NBA games, so he was pretty much an unknown. And yea Sean Mark's kink is finding gems in the draft / guys that are out of the league.

The Rockets just wanted the max amount of draft picks possible while trying to spend as little money as possible in the upcoming seasons. Like if you look at the deals they had for Harden the Sixers one blew the Nets one out of the water, I still cant believe we got Harden for what we did.
Yeah and now he's clearly regressing from his previously unsustainable shooting splits while Giannis and Jokic keep rolling
The Nuggets are tied for the best record in the Western Conference over their last 10 games, the Lakers just lost Lebron, the Clippers can't figure out how to play defense, and who knows how well the Jazz and Suns can maintain their form. Heck, the Jazz already have started sputtering. There's every indication the Nuggets are on their way to HCA in at least the first round.

I think the MVP is Jokic's to lose unless he gets injured.
Funny thing is I'm so used to this subreddits BS I didn't even realize I meant to write collin sexton specifically
Arguably the worst Jazz performance of the season.
Didn't Kyrie started perfect from the field damn
Yeah he was ass. He's been playing a ton though and has been getting banged up
There's a world where it's better for him money-wise to play his contract out in Brooklyn. Coming back from injury to prove himself and get paid rather than teams now underestimating him. He would have an easy role and could really flourish on this squad, and I'm sure he wouldn't mind getting another ring (hopefully).
Wrong
DOOOO YOU KNOW HOW 

TO PICK UP THE PIECES AND GO HOME

GOOOOO HOOOOOMEAAAAA
Clearly.
We'll see. On the one hand, the Jazz do have the best record still, and I'm sure he has no love lost for Utah from his Houston days.

But the 2nd night of a back to back in Utah is one of the strongest scheduled losses that exists in the league, and the Jazz aren't a conference opponent like the Pistons are.
Be prepared for Claxton to make Gobert look like a cupcake
I still remember the time he ate joakim noah alive
[deleted]
I see, that definitely explains why the Rockets didn't ask for Claxton. That's why people shouldn't sleep on 2nd round picks. I also can't believe you guys got James Harden for that package of picks and players.
I swear to fuck if someone brings Giannis in this convo he better be averaging 37/14/7, or go on a 20W streak
And he has a better record then both of them and has been playing with an injured squad
Yeah because he's having to carry a humongous load with his Co stars out
unsustainable? hardens beens efficient his whole damn career what in the ever living fuck are you talking about. Also 17 assists suck on that
The nuggets are the 5th seed. You don’t get MVPs for your last 10 games
Yeah I totally agree I just mean that's what would have to happen for Harden to even have a chance.
Probably not arguable lol. We got dismantled
Didn't we almost beat them the other week while missing literally every starter?  They were soooooo bad against us in the 2nd half until finally pulling away in the last 2 minutes.
He was gassed at the end for sure. Hope he can rest tomorrow.
25 points on 24 shots lmao. But the man is a wizard with his passing. He’s easily one of the greatest  scorers and passers of the game.
Yeah, I don't hold it against him at all. He's carrying the Nets, it's just funny how many times he missed near the end of the game.
You sound hurt there bro. 25-17 ass? My ass if anything.
When Steph isn’t scoring he legit does nothing else to impact the game. There’s a reason Draymond handles facilitating responsibilities
Harden shits on the Jazz,obviously they are attheir best this year so who knows how it goes bit I wouldnt bet against Harden popping off for a 44-18-19 game
but who is in the 4/5 spot? You stupid?
Yea it's nice when one of those 2nd rounders hit, but for every Claxton the Nets also had like a Musa (whose in Europe now I think). The Nets just have a lot of success stories with these long shots because we were down real bad after Billy King and really had no other options then these long shots haha.

Agreed, Fertitta is fucking terrible. He essentially lost a top 5 NBA player in his prime for Oladipo, 4 first rounders, and 4 swaps. Oladipo will probably be traded for another first round pick and a youngish player. Also I might be too optimistic but I think those swaps have more of a chance of not conveying than conveying, especially seeing how little money Tilman is trying to spend on the Rockets, and the Nets have rich ass Joe Tsai, are located in NYC, and have zero incentive to be bad.
The season also isn't ending today, which is why it's relevant that the Lakers and Clippers are underperforming: there's a good shot the Nuggets can end the season above both of them if Jokic keeps up his level of play.

And you're right. You get MVPs for your entire season. That's why it's relevant Harden spent a chunk of games tanking to try to get traded, while Jokic didn't.
The Timberwolves loss might have been worse, because it was much more inexplicable. At least the Nets had Kyrie.
You fr? I mean he shot ass
Holy I hope you are joking.  He averages 6+ assists.  He’s the best floor spacer in the history of the game.  He’s an amazing runner off the ball.  He can penetrate and create for others a lot.  His ball handling is phenomenal.  You must not watch any games
LOL what do u even say to a take like this
With how many nightmares he's posed for the Jazz over the years, I was going to agree. But he's actually only averaged 23.9/4.7/5.1 against the Jazz over his career, on an offensive rating of 116. Obviously those are still good numbers, but they're below his averages.

Still, he's an amazing player and always has it in him for a game like that.
[deleted]
His blunder will cost their team for years to come. They could have acquired Simmons+picks, for god sake! I'm in agreement there, I don't think those swaps will convey. You guys made out like bandits!
lol bullshit. harden put up 25/6/10 in houston on 61% TS, he was only "meh" for like 2 games. thanks for confirming that you talk out of your ass
oh wow, 6 assists a game for a star point guard. 'best floor spacer' you say, somehow. He can penetrate and create others a lot, great, whoop dee doo lmao. Great ball handling but still not elite lmao
Steph is limited and that’s why we’re seeing the Warriors get crushed by +500 teams every other night. He can’t win unless he has a solid team built around him. Weak defender, average facilitator, not great at scoring inside (granted he’s stepped up on that level this season). He’s the greatest shooter ever but he’s a floor raiser which is what we’re witnessing this year
famous last words
lol [clearly you've forgotten what exactly happened.](https://www.basketball-reference.com/players/h/hardeja01/gamelog/2021)

Harden tried the first 3 games of the year. He put up 44, 34, and 33, and had gamescores of 42, 29, and 23. Good, typical Harden stats.

Then he sat a game. Then he played 5 games where he never scored more than 21 and never had a gamescore higher than 18. The instant he leaves Houston, he puts up 32 against an Orlando team he scored just 15 against 8 days before. He was "meh" for far more than 2 games.

Anyway, the MVP is a narrative award as much as anything. Not only did Harden actually tank, the storyline is that he tanked, and that's going to put off enough voters to lose him the MVP if they have a viable alternative they can find.

Thanks for confirming that you talk out of your ass.
Alright you are clearly joking so I’ll stop
They can't handle the truth about their golden boy steph curry.
Lmao, swish
Yeah because he was passing the ball a fuck ton? He had 12-13 assists in each of those games and lead the league in assists. He is averaging similiar numbers on the nets now.

Harden didn’t tank shit, he just didn’t put much effort in those last 2 games against the lakers where they were just kicking our ass. Your entire argument revolves around 2 games where his team was far outmatched lmao

There goes your shit argument
Well, not really. Look, steph is the greatest shooter of all time, which is obviously a really remarkable achievement and makes him an all-time player, but y'all overrate everything else he does
Ah got it, so Harden had 20/6/9 on .500/.250/.800 and 16/7/6 on .313/.167/1.000 against the Lakers because he was "overmatched."

But he had 21/3/10 on .294/.273/.800 against the Mavericks because... the Mavericks had such a blazingly hot start of the season?

I know he's your guy, so you're arguing from a place of emotion and not reason, but come on.
bruh you're aware a man can play a bad game right? jesus christ. he has a couple games like that on the nets too, every fucking player has some bad games. dont be upset because his MVP candidacy only gets stronger by the day
Dude it's OK, you are wrong. Stop crying. This is literally you rn.

https://streamable.com/1mffm
Guys have bad games all the time. Guys even go through slumps. Sometimes. Shit happens.

Five bad games in a row, while noisily machinating for a trade, is a tank. Sorry, dude. It's Jokic's this year, and Harden will get his next year, if voters still think he's the MVP of a team with KD and Kyrie.
He didn’t have 5 bad games lmfao. He had 3 if you really want to stretch it. One of those lakers game weren’t even that bad. The fact that you have to point to a couple random games in December shows how intimidating hardens case is
And then I can point to the fact [Jokic has 9.7 WS, leading anyone else in the league by 2.6](https://www.basketball-reference.com/leagues/NBA_2021_advanced.html) and leads Harden by 3.5. Jokic leads Harden in WS by as much as Harden is leading Jae'Sean Tate.

Or do you prefer VORP? In which case Jokic has 5.3, a lead of 1.5 on anyone else in the league and 2.3 on Harden. Jokic is leading Harden by VORP by as much as Harden is leading Ivica Zubac and Derrick Favors.

Is BPM more your style? Great. Jokic is getting 11.9, has a lead of 2 on anyone else, and leads Harden by 5.4. Jokic is leading Harden by as much Harden is leading Nicolas Batum.

Jokic is having one of the best statistical seasons of all time - one that is better than Harden's MVP season in 17-18. I'll say this again: Harden isn't getting another unless Jokic gets injured.
Ah found the guy who thinks basketball is played on an excell spreadsheet 

Jokic isn’t winning shit on the 5th seed. Bye.
[Denial](https://www.basketball-reference.com/friv/mvp.html) isn't just a [river in Egypt.](https://www.vegasinsider.com/nba/odds/mvp/)

RemindMe! May 6, 2021
The nets just went 5/5 on a west game road trip without KD. This was just harden and Kyrie. Imagine KD being in there as well.
PG really couldn't be out there for one possession?
The east really let a nets team with kyrie and kd get harden because they thought harden gained a few extra pounds. East fucked up bad
I hope Uncle Jeff isnt hurt
The NBA has an officiating problem
The Clippers wasted their challenge on the Beverley foul, so costly, especially because it such an obvious foul.

Bruce Brown is very good, he's got so much hustle. If the supporting players continue to step up when KD (And Dinwiddie) return this team will be nigh impossible to beat.

Fingers crossed for Jeff Green too.
Anticlimatic ending but GG Nets fans. If DJ plays like that for yall consistently, the championship is yours. Good luck the rest of the way
If only they had a challenge...
In this house we stan Bruce Brown
A miracle DJ tip and Harden drawing the offensive foul...that's a not fun way to lose :/ 

GG Nets.
Flop of the year by Harden to win it
GGs Nets. 

Even shorthanded without KD and our sleeper espionage agent Shamet's sabotage didn't stop yall. Capitalizing on the turnovers in the first half made some good buckets, DJ's best game I've seen this year, Bruce brown with some tough looks as well.
I am so, *so* happy that James Harden is on my team.
Just realized this Nets teams are the MDA Rockets on steroids and crack.

Fitting because MDA is on this Nets team and they have an amazing small ball lineup.

Harden- is playing CP3’s role but still scoring at a insane level

Kyrie- is playing Hardens role

KD is just overkill.

Jeff Green was also playing small ball 5 for us a lot too  last year

We say defense wins championships but this Nets team can get stops when they are focused. Just like MDA Rockets (were even 7th in defense)

Just two of the three stars would be huge contenders, all 3 together are just unstoppable. Helps that they have an elite shooter in Harris and a scrappy player like Brown. Imagine if Dinwiddie didn’t go down, just crazy
That's why you save your challenge btw, Ty Lue wasting that shit on a near-flagrant screen instead.
They're doing this shit without kd
This game should've went to OT
I fucking love JVG calling out that shit trash flop
I only caught the end of the game, why was Paul George sitting during the end?
Sooo what the hell happened to Jeff Green? Dislocated shoulder?
That offensive foul call was atrocious, what a shitty way to end the game
Harden cant keep getting away with this!
officiating is absolutely fucked lmao
We could of lost by 15 and it wouldn't have been as bad as that bullshit ending. Fuck the NBA's shitty refs. GG Nets! It's not Harden's fault for flopping. It won him the damn game.
Waste of a fucking game with that ending. Nets were deprived of a game-winning shot chance to break the tie. Seriously what a fucking shitshow that the last call was.

It's not on Harden, it's on the refs for rewarding the flop. There are no repercussions for flopping so players will try it. What the worse that could happen, either no call or get a call. So let's just flop, Harden is just good at it, not his fault it got called.
Harden deserves an Emmy for that flop
Clippers nets finals would be so fire
Look, I hate the Clippers as much as the next guy, but that was bullshit.
Kyrie (with the multiple stepback threes missed) and Harden (two missed free throws) almost choked real hard.

Kyrie was driving me crazy, idk what he was doing.
That was an absolutely shambolic offensive foul call
Atrocious call against Kawhi on Harden
And just like that, this sub is back on hating on Harden LMAO
Hardens flop lol
Uh oh, that flop
Between this and the Celtics/Pelicans game, the referees made sure they left their imprint on the games today.
Don't let Durant's absence distract you from the fact that Phila did not wanted to trade Simmons for Harden.
[deleted]
I have never once said anything bad about Deandre Jordan. Nope, never, not once sir.
Refs ruin end of another game
If Jordan plays like this consistently nets are easily winning it all
No matter what you say that was a bad call
Harden should be in MVP talks
We got jobbed

I'm about to work myself into a shoot
Refs shouldn’t decide games.  Players do. That’s a terrible call to end a game and they need to start really punishing flopping and terrible refs
Hitler back to his old ways
Refs are ruining the fucking league. What a way to wreck a great game.
Put Me In P
I thought for sure Clippers was the last hope to give people hope that the Nets are beatable, but they won without KD instead.

Im overreacting, but that end was frustrating to see.
Wrestling made me upset today too, grrr. I’m a 27 year old man.
Clippers played sloppy ball and the nets were on point. Pg not being in the game even with a minutes restriction and the idiotic review on the Bev foul call sealed it 

Gg nets
This was one of the best games of the season and it sucks that it ended because of trash officials, you can’t call bullshit like that on one of the last possessions in a elite level game like this to decide it. Fans of the game were robbed of a potential overtime and 5 more minutes of elite playoff level basketball.
What a game. Decided by a Harden flop and free throw lmao
congrats to harden on winning the Oscar tonight
16-6 clippers-nets turnovers. 6 from PG and 4 from beverly. Definitely the difference in the game.
How was this man not a starter over Kyrie?
fun game decided by a flop & a dumbass fucking official buying the flop !  great product NBA !
Refs ruined the end of the game starting with the foul on DJ. Clippers weren’t robbed but what a shit ending.
Karma on the dirty pat Bev play
Heads up flop by Harden there at the end. 

I'm actually starting to hate the NBA because of shit like this
It'll be such a bitch slap and pat on the head victory once the L2m comes out.

Gonna love getting kicked in the nuts when they say "My bad, oh well".

Grats to the Nets on the win.
A flop to win the game. Thats a new one.
Recall the refs - Harden should get a goddamn award for that flop
How do refs find a way to ruin good games
r/NBA : I wish nba players weren’t friends like it was in the 80’s where guys hated one another and weren’t buddies 

*Patrick Beverly does just that 

Also r/nba : cheap dirty player he’s everything wrong with the game he should be suspended for life
Timberwolves catching strays from JVG 😔
Shamet looked terrible
Clippers should've saved their challenge.....
Wtf why wasn't Paul George closing out the game? He was looking unguardable that fourth quarter

Also wth was that last call
Besides for the last few minutes, this would make a great playoff series
Maybe they just need to take the whistle away from the refs in the last couple minutes if they can’t just swallow it.
Kawhi had 29 points, [OP](/u/starfishboy123). Box Score isn't updated.
Anyone got any idea why PG is out in crunch time?
I'll be honest I haven't paid attention to the NBA in several years and watching this game felt like a high school reunion holy shit the names on these two teams lol

That charge was absolute bs too seems some things never change
People complain about Harden but it’s the refs job to call it. Players will flop till the league clamps down on it
Brooklyn might be good

They have a very clear 8 man rotation when KD comes back
The worst way to end a game harden gets every call no wonder the ratings are dropping
The Nets are so filthy it makes me sick. Brooklyn has 3 of  the 5 best pure scorers in the league and when the playoffs come around all 3 of those dudes can put in 40+ minutes they'll be virtually unbeatable in a 7 game series.
Good game but as a neutral fan, I really didn't like that call for offensive foul on Kawhi
Huge Harden fan, he flopped on that play no doubt about it. But why are the refs deciding the game in the waning minutes anyway? Let them play
Nets tried their hardest to lose and still won
Hopefully Jeff Green is ok.

 Huge to get a win against a fully healthy Clippers team while we are missing a bunch of guys
Clippers deserved the loss to a flop for what Beverly did tonight
I was pulling for the nets but that foul was BS
Refs messed up so many games today what the fuck
oh boy did i miss harden slander on this subreddit
Fuck Pat Bev
Y’all can thank Patrick Beverly for injuring Jeff Green to take the clippers challenge away.
Patrick Beverly plays hard every possession and plays every game with playoff intensity you guys just don’t like him because he’s a role player and not a superstar. He’s made millions of dollars working his ass off and being a absolute pest on the court mad respect to him
Bruce Brown is my father
I was having such a great time watching that game. I'm not a fan of the ending, to put it lightly.
James "Hitler" Harden with the flop
I just remembered why I hate Harden
Fuck pat bev, hope Jeff is okay
[deleted]
The Nets went 5-0 against the WeLEASTERN conference.
Any clipper fans justify Bevs intentional fouls? The dude is dangerous
Fuck Pat Bev
Harden is a flopping bitch
refs had a rough weekend
The refs need to learn how to decipher what is flopping what is not. Because these players manipulate these refs so easily it’s insane.
Refs had money on the nets lol
This is why harden wont win a championship. He flops all the time yet come playoff time he doesn't get those calls and he doesn't handle it well. It happens every year.
Someone make sure Patrick Beverly read the r/nba memo that you can’t be scrappy, talk trash or play hard every possession of every game unless your.

A) A superstar 

B) White
Lol refs stole this from the clips. Great game from kawhi and PG but when the refs are being paid off then it is impossible to win.
Who ever says that was an offensive foul on Kawhi. 

I'm tightening helmets tomorrow night in front of the Staples Center. See you there, short bus already has your addresses.
What a way to lose... Dre's lucky bank shot gw and the flop by harden
I don’t understand why that play by Kawhi was an offensive foul when he does that move regularly and doesn’t get whistled for it. Why blow the whistle with the game on the line
Even with Harden's egregious flop - Clippers shot themselves in the damn foot to lose the game. 17 turnovers which resulted in 27 Nets points.
It ain’t hardens fault.. that’s on the refs lol
Only a healthy Lakers squad with playoff LBJ and AD can beat this team come playoff time.

These dudes are no joke.
Harden showing again why he's just not fun to watch.

What a bunch of crap on the final possession
What a damp squib of an ending.
Yeah that was a bad call on Kawhi but I consider that Karma for Bev's dirty ass play not being called a flagrant. Fucking dirty ass player.
Fine Harden 300k then shoot him to mars
Fuck Patrick Beverly
What a clutch defensive flop.
Brooklyn nets are undefeated when harden flops instead of playing D on the last play
Just casually added the scalps of the Suns, Lakers and Clippers this week nbd.
FlopDen
Lmao could’ve been a great ending and ruined by acting. This is exactly why America doesn’t watch the NBA compared to football.
Harden and the refs ruined this game
Hardens legacy to me is forever going to be about flopping.
We just ran through the West without KD
Out of curiosity, why was Paul George benched the last few minutes?
Nobody is going to be testy coming out of this game. Nope
i’m so incredibly over NBA officials
Game ruined by officiating. I want to see some great basketball!! PLEASE NBA
NBA refs have been literally robbing teams off opportunities to win games. This is absolutely getting out of control.
honestly there’s no reason not to have either multiple challenges or keep ur challenge if you’re correct, it’s not like there isn’t tons of timeouts anyways
Waiting for some clown to come in with a “Nets are better without KD” take.
I know this is very irrelevant, but I just saw basketball reference has 'jimbo slice' as one of hardens nicknames and I can't stop laughing.
Nets played this game like the playoffs. Harden Kyrie 40 minutes each, and only 7 deep damn
Lou Williams actually needs to show up for these type of games. Very reminiscent of his playoff outing. He's been playing well recently but these games just makes me want to trade him.
43% tipping point holds up.  Clippers are 15-2 above 43% 3 point shooting & 7-8 below that mark.
Did PG go over his minutes restriction or fouled out ? How come he wasn’t out there for the last 2 mins ?
Ok I’m sold on the Nets.
Wait the last second dunk didn’t count?
is kyrie a better fit to harden then chris paul ? or
Imagine if they still have Allen and Spencer. Oh man!
Damn, looks like the Nets are figuring it. Seriously how do you stop them? Do you just hope that their bench fucks it up?
Harden's game.... Goddamn it is ruining this league.

He drives to the basket, the refs just automatically blow the whistle. Assuming his floppy-doppy ass gets fouled when there isn't one.

Game comes down to a last shot, Flopmaster James HAND CHECKS Kawhi (fouls) and then proceeds to flail and flop to get the call. Ruined the goddamn game. The league has to clean this bullshit up. It is ruining the product.
Pat Bev really hurt uncle jeff 🤬
More than a few people on this site have no idea what the Nets and their fans have gone through since J Kidd left. If you did, then you would know that what we are going through now is well deserved. This goes without even mentioning the Tim Donaghy refs we have faced since then. If you don’t know, then read up nephews of r/NBA. You want to root for underdogs until a franchise that has struggled for so long is in your face. At that point, they are the villain.
Clippers should have won with the and 1 but refs had money on the game
Fine Harden $1 million for that garbage flop
Cant believe that flop at the end, ridiculous way to end an otherwise great game.
loooool pat bev got his coach to challenge a dumb play by him...POETIC JUSTICE. FUCK PAT BEV.
Fuck Pat bev
Harden with an all time defensive flop.
I’m ready for call your own fouls league. These refs are ruining basketball, fuck them all smdh
LMFAO IF PAT BEV DIDNT INSIST ON THE CHALLENGE THEY’D STILL HAVE IT FOR THE FINAL PLAY

OH LAWDY THE KARMA IS REAL
Is the West supposed to be good????
Nets happy with a cheat win.
These refs are ruining good games. That last call was horrible.
We were robbed of an amazing OT
I just watched Zion bull dozing Tristan and getting the and1 in the Celtics/Pellies game and compared it to Kawhi and flopping Harden. I then took 3 shots of vodka and yelled at my dog. 

I dislike Harden and his flopping ways.
They should fine the Refs and Harden. 

I don't want to hear a BKN fan ever complain about the refs or anyone flopping. 

Micky mouse win.
Hey! I'm still watching the stream!
Hell of a road trip by the nets. 5-0 with some really good wins and also with only one game played with their entire big 3
Wasted the challenge on the Beverly foul on Jeff Green lmao
Was Kyrie trying to lose this game towards the end
The Nets are officially a problemmmm. What a team!
where was the foul?
I miss the days where the rules and officiating didn’t reward selling the call as much as it does now. NBA is about 10 years from full soccer mode.
DJ saved kyrie from giving up the game at the end
What a fucking trash call by the ref at the end...Harden still showing out he's one of the best floppers in the game
NBA need to do something about this man. However the Clippers shot themselves in the foot challenging that obvious foul
Officiating problems are destroying the league. Harden did his usual bullshit of locking Kawhi's arms, and thats an offensive foul? Ridiculous.
Woahhh.... what a game!

Refs fuckin blew it on that Harden call. Clippers did blow their challenge an obvious foul. 

Hope Uncle Jeff is okay. Knowing the Nets, he won't be back until after ASG. Hopefully they unleash Claxton.
Smh and people say harden doesnt play defensive. Legendary flop
lol weakest way for the NBA to end a headline Sunday game.
Was that a garbage call? Yea. But the Nets didn't have their best player KD against a healthy contending clippers squad and lost TLC and Green so I see it as fair.
I don't post here often, but when I do...it's to say Fuck James "The Flopper" Harden.
Watching players flop to decide the game hurts my soul
Hitler is back
Harden doing his best acting audition during his short stay in Hollywood.
We lost to a Harden flop but tbh turnovers killed our chances, unfortunately.
That flop was egregiously bad by Harden but Clips losing a challenge due to Pat Bev straight up lying about contact on Uncle Jeff and frankly all the time makes up for it.
Crap ending to an otherwise entertaining game.
James Flopden might be 2021 GOAT
Tf wrong with Pat Beverly man and that atrocious challenge.
Harden flopped (kawhi still extended arm) but nobody mentioning on possession before Kawhi got free throws on a ghost call on deandre
Brooklyn is such a fun team to watch. Top notch basketball fellers.
People were saying the Nets could be knocked out the first or second round lol
Add another injury to the list for Patrick Beverly. Man fuck him.
2 proven champions in kevin and Kyrie and a guy who gave the warriors dynasty a run for their money in Harden. Is this a better big 3 then what happened in Miami?
Pat Bev trick y’all man
Your 2020-2021 contenders:

1) Clippers
2) Nets
3) Jazz
4) Lakers

And that’s probably the order.
I am glad the Refs got the right call on Kawhi. This comment might get buried but well done refs!
Fucking pathetic flop won the game, Kyrie and Harden got bailed out in the clutch by Deandre Jordan
Nets run LA.
Nice refs.
It’s so hard to watch this league nowadays. That was a sad way to end a game.
wtf was that flop LOL
Fuck you refs for rewarding Harden's major flop
Finals preview
FUCK PATRICK BEVERLEY
this is the greatest year of basketball I've ever experienced
NEXT 4 YEARS STILL HIS. Lol

FUCK BEVERLY.
James Soften. Lol.
Can't wait for the playoffs when harden chokes again since he doesn't get these garbage calls
James Harden is the best player on the planet don’t @ me
REAL HEADLINE = HARDEN WITH GAME WINNING DEFENSIVE PLAY
Unbelievable lmao. Harden pulls his arm, then grabs it then flops but the refs had already decided how they were going to call that.
I dont' get way people are surprsied by this. East was a power vaccum with a bunch of mediocre and shitty teams being hyped by fans. Any super star could have gone to the east and made theri team a top contender. The east was THAT weak. Now you give a team 3 all stars and yall didn't see this coming?
Clippers won that. Fuck Harden.
DJ revenge game
Nets are going to fucking walk into the NBA Finals. Surely they’re the clear favorites now
God awful final seconds call. The governors need to contact the NBA and stress these referees need to stop inserting themselves into the game. The contact on Hardens elbow on Kawhi WAS A FOUL but he held his whistle and called a foul on Kawhi for trying to come out of the contact... That's crazy.
DJ Meechy Meech voice: "2 shots for Harden."
Refs called game.
Kawhi was soo good down the stretch without PG, the refs robbed him of a comeback.
Fuck harden
More like poo williams
What happened to Lou?
Harden & Kyrie is a more lethal combo than the splash bros
FUCK HARDEN
Thanks nets see ya in the finals
Nets are missing a top 2 player in the league smh
Coach shoulda saved his challenge play. Good D by Harden.
Can’t wait for Harden to get a warning from the league tomorrow...
FUCK THE REFS AND FLOPPING HARDEN
Hate when people like JVG complain about soft whistles. That's a foul in the nba and it shouldn't be officiated differently at the end of the game
Clippers are deep is the biggest myth in the NBA.
So, basically KD added to the warriors vibes right now
And technically Kyrie wasn't even playing against the Suns. But also AD and Schroeder were out and Kawhi/PG literally just got back to playing (and PG is on a minutes restriction). All that being said, the Nets are obviously very good. It'll be interesting to see how they fill out their roster and if they can stay healthy. Also if Jordan can play like that for more than one or two games. Most of the time I've seen him, he looks washed.
“Just Harden and Kyrie”
People don’t like to point out that we didn’t have AD and Schröder. And yes, I know they didn’t have KD. Also a game winning flop against the Clips. This “sweep” just isn’t as dominant as people are making it seem
The west is so weak lol
Precaution P
looked like he wanted to play (never sat down), but Lue said nope
Player health > 1 reg. season game.

It's not a bad thing.
Minutes restriction. His second game back from being out 10 games.
Sadly it wasn't his choice
Pulled out P
They base their decisions on scientific research, what ya got ?
Regular season doesnt mean much to the Clippers
Really weird decision to me. Why not keep the same number of minutes but let him play the last chunk of the fourth? There's more stoppages in play over the last two minutes anyway if you're concerned about overexertion.
Even with their issues and no KD they're half a game off the East #1 seed. Lol at all the people who thought they weren't going to figure it out 😂
morey learned, billionaires hold grudges
Yeah we basically made this season a waste of time.
Our front office really fucked up.
You don't understand, man. The Rockets wanted Tyrese Maxey. There's no way the Sixers could part with him for a fat washed James Harden.
philly really didn't wanna trade simmons for harden lmaoooo
Leave it Miami to so desperate for the next Wade-level talent to show up with a rookie contract that they denied paying for one. I get that they fostered some okay talent despite almost never being in the lottery, but they literally wasted the last few good years of Dragic and Butler.
Yes because the "East" works together as one single organization
Pat Riley fucked up bad.
If it wasn't for Tillman he might have gone to the Sixers. They reportedly offered a good package but he went Nets anyway.
Bigger thing is Philly. Love Ben Simmons and have him on fantasy but u gotta do the deal for harden
Plot twist: harden was just wearing a fat suit he was in shape the whole time
Harden w Embiid wouldve been scary.
Genuinely think because the nets were the only ones who couldn’t depart with young players and Houston wanted the farm of both Philly or Miami
Didn’t Portland also not make a trade so they can keep CJ lmao and Giannis didn’t want him on the bucks lmfao
Hol'up, we tried to trade but Houston wouldn't deal with us cause of Morey. Morey was offering Simmons, pretty much whatever.
Clippers can really stop them though. If any team other than the Clippers come out of the West, it's an easy chip for the Nets.
Seriously, I hope that chair kick was because he was out for the game, not something worse.
He's been our 3rd or 4th best player a lot of nights (since KD and Kyrie have both missed games). Honestly I don't think this game is close down the stretch if Green is in instead of Shamet.
Looked like his shoulder popped out to me. I didn’t get why no one mentioned it.
love me some Jeff Green; what an underrated player!
And they'll never fix this
Such a great game, and it ends like THAT? Yuck.
This game and the Pelicans Celtics officiating was awful.
[The Ringer]
I think it’s more a rule issue. This is what happens when your rules/officiating encourage no contact at all. Players that sell contact are rewarded more.
Kawhi is still as unreal as the moment he won my heart
Then they wonder why ratings are awful
It was a mess all around.  I see that final call as off setting the call against DJ a play or two prior.  The refs were trash but it was fairly balanced trash.
They suck but apparently they're the best we've got.
Two close games today ruined by shitty officiating
Honestly, it's not even just the flops either now. I feel like there are just drastic rule changes that change the entire game now. I dont even know what a shooting foul is now, half the time they call them on the floor and half the time they give a player continuation. Its so inconsistent now.
Is it the NBA or the sport of basketball?
Karma for playing dirty? Don't think anyone injured more players than PBev.
Correct me if I'm wrong but if they were able to challenge that last play and the challenge ended up being successful, it would've been changed to a no call, correct? Or maybe even a jump ball, no basket since the foul occurred before the shot? Excuse me for my ignorance
That was a vintage DJA game. That won’t be consistent at all. But KD being healthy will be huge for them. Scary tbh.
Serves the Clippers right for Pat Bev's stupid foul.
Kyrie and Harden are ball stoppers who’s game doesn’t translate well in the playoffs. They are also significantly hindered defensively and in the playoffs you have to get stops. They looked good this trip but just a few weeks ago they were losing to bad teams. I’m not hating, I’m curious to see how this works out for them, but they definitely have something to prove in the playoffs. Maybe this year we’ll get your clippers against my Lakers in the West Finals. That and the Nets in the East Finals would be interesting
Challenged the most obvious foul too. What a dumb challenge
So what you’re saying is this loss is on Pat Bev? Cause that feels right to me
[deleted]
Refs should have gotten it right in the first place.
Yeah, Ty Lue should've know to save the challenge for the very last play of the game and assumed a challenge would be needed there, this is a perfectly fine approach to replays in an absolutely flawless replay system
Ty Lue is some type of stupid
That wasn’t getting overturned, kawhi extended his forearm even tho harden probably fouled him before
Yall got a good one. Wonder what other hidden talent the Pistons are hiding
He’s like a chuck Hayes
Fucking love this man.
RIP our 2019 playoff team
Where the F did he come from? I never gave him no never mind. He like a better Caruso.
the Clippers brings out the best of unassuming opposing players every single game. there’s always somebody new eating against us.
Let’s not do this again for a while I’m too riled up for Sunday night
See you in the finals 😎 I’m sure Lakers fans will downvote
Without KD
“Drawing the offensive foul”
And PG, our top scorer, didn’t play the last 2
Didn’t use our cheat code, take comfort.
GG to Clips staff, players, fans, friends, Kenny Atkinson, and not Pat Bev
For a second I thought it was an and-one before they called it offensive foul lol
Clutch flop
Thanks refs for blowing a great game.
After he fouled kawhi at the beginning
The refs should know by now lol
Honestly i would be pissed if I was on the opposite side of that Harden foul but Pat Bev injured Jeff Green. GG Clips and fuck Pat Bev
Hell of a flop, but Clips also played like absolute shit the whole game.
honestly such a vile way for this game to conclude.. absolutely disgusting
Also dumbest challenge of the year by Ty Lue.  LMAO they could have have tied it up if he hadn't wasted it on PBevs dirty ass.
Kawhi also took over without PG late, and it would have strengthened his MVP case. Refs had other plans tho.
The biggest flopper in the NBA
Bad call but idk why people mad at harden for it, if it works it works 🤷🏾‍♂️
NaCl
Why doesn’t Harden get fined for flops? There’s an escalating scale, right?
I dont really understand why people complain about flops. Literally every player in this league does it. Its part of the game.. If you have the potential to get 2 points for selling contact you do it every time. Players like to win games.
Karma for bitch ass Beverleys challenge
Wasn't even much of a flop. Was clearly contact. You guys are just big mad lmao
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Disappointing end for sure, but the fact that the Clippers needed that call in the first place to beat the Nets without KD speaks volumes.
We're giving Shamet too many chances
lol Shamet man. He really managed to turn what was looking like a comfortable win into a one possession questionable call game. 

There was a string of 5 consecutive plays where he'd turn the ball over or fail on a fast break.
Must feel great to have such a team after what you guys have been through
Appreciate him man I miss him in Houston. Hell of a player, I hope he gets his ring
I really hope you guys get him his ring
Flops with the best of em.
"That's not basketball"
[deleted]
Harden is just playing harden. He always tried to start games off by passing, nobody would hit shit though. Now that he has shooters he can rely on, he takes less shots
Not really - CP3 was always the secondary ball handler, so not sure how Harden is playing the CP3 role.
Man oh man. I feel this team would have felt much different had Dinwiddie never gotten injured.
Imagine if they still had Allen instead of DJ
No one in the East is stopping this Nets squad come playoff time.
Harris and DAJ stepping up
Against a healthy clippers team that looks great this year 👀👀
This ain't the playoffs
We just swept a west coast trip for the first time in franchise history without arguably the best player in the world. Hell we only played 8 people tonight and 2 of them got hurt.
No OT tonight
There were 8 seconds left and the nets would've had the ball
Nah we good, this was a close call being 15 up with 8 minutes remaining the tide was turning
Should’ve gone*
100%
[Mood right now](https://video.twimg.com/tweet_video/EuzOIFNVgAMfXi6.mp4)
Harden should be fined for flopping like Lebron was
I like that he called the L2M report bullshit too. lol
JVG gives zero fucks lol. I know he's grating to a lot of people but I love that he always speaks his mind
He always keeps it real. I'm suprised the league hasn't sacked him yet for calling out how garbage the officiating is
CRIMEA RIVER
Stop bitching about the flops change the fcking rules or fine the fcking refs for the terrible officiating
JVG doesn’t know the all start starters so he can kick dirt.   Dude is quickly becoming Marv Albert lite
He just came back from bone edema. Minute restriction
nobody knows, but they were assuming it was because of minutes restriction.
Minutes restriction. He went out with 2 left. Ridiculous
Bruce Brown called him names and hurt his feelings
To keep good energy on the court in clutch time
He didn't want OT tonight.
No OT tonight
Yeah, and he was pissed.
Looked it. Trainers adjusted it on the floor
Pat Beverley.
yeah, but tbf there was a shitty call on Jordan like one possession earlier so it's not like the refs influenced the outcome
Apparently from what we have seen during these last 5 years, he can
Harden with the clutch flop!
He can and he will.....nba is euro soccer now.
If only the Clippers didn't waste their challenge.
Harden definitely over sold it, but there was a slight push off from kwahi
[deleted]
Absolutely. I hope it happens. I think it would be a better finals then lakers / nets . An offensive powerhouse vs a tough defensive powerhouse
It’s not about hating the Nets or the Clippers. Any fan of the NBA watching that just feels disgusted when those flops are called. Remove flops from the game or get better refs that can see the difference between a foul and a guy flailing his arms in the air.
Thank goodness for... \*checks notes\*... DeAndre Jordan.
It’s the bandage on his shooting hand he’s been shooting bad since he’s  had it. But has still been playing really good despite that.
The 3 he hit in game 7, is his spot. I am ok with that shot, the other ones before, yeah not a good choice
Hey now, the Clippers D started locking in there in the last few minutes
Get used to it...as a Celtics fan I saw many iso 3 point heaves from him at the end of the game. It’s what he does. Some games it will make for an amazing highlight.
>shambolic

I thought this was some Shams Charania pun. This is a real word. TIL.
idk what that fuck that means but im upvoting
They will forget by this time tomorrow.
Blame the ref for the call
And they say Harden isn't clutch.
The sad thing is, they do this in every game now
THE FUTURE IS NOW
Can't call that play by Harden "defense" Kawhi blew right by him and he got bailed out with a clutch flop
Yeah, but since it’s narrative based he probably won’t. Between Durant always being that dude on whatever team he’s on, and foul exploitation like this I don’t see it.
For real. I have to admit I was sleeping on him heavy, but every time I watch the Nets he’s a worldbeater
, brother. - HH
Idk Kawhi gets away with that shit all the time so im not super hurt by the call.

Review maybe needs to be like NFL in final minute or two, where it comes from the booth or whatever. But I get that call, bad as it ended up being in slow mo
Alright come on, that was an awful play to watch but this is a supremely disrespectful nickname
Game-sealing flop lol
Hahaha he said Hitler hahahaha😐 stale ass joke
\#undefeated
[deleted]
You know he had to this one time lol
I didn't read the results until later since I was watching this game. Kind of meh honestly.
Yeah, we kinda deserved to lose, we were just trying to steal the game
hard to say they were robbed getting marched to the line for 10 free throws in the 4th. Was it a flop? Probably...but refs call that every time. Kawhi knows that ish.
it’s esp frustrating cause we really had that comeback and then harden once again got away with his bullshit. our last game also had a harden flop on pg that got him 3 FTs and we lost that game by like 2 pts
Lol
The harden flop tho lol;great game tho, just wished the refs would stay away from the game a bit.
So you agree it’s a fucking flop? Proud, eh?
Refs should be getting graded by the reports and eventually reprimanded or fined just like any job.
It's stupid how the L2m doesn't nothing for the league, it's not like they can say"oh shit we missed this call, give them 2 points". It would really be great if they used as an evaluation for a ref for calling the right fouls in crucial moments such as games like these.
The L2Ms are pointless, I'm surprised they still do them.
Even in the 80s most of them were chill too, except Bill Laimbeer, but even Bill's teammates hated him and he was legit afraid at times they'd beat his ass.
hahaha yep
Minutes restriction. He just came back from an bone edema
Minutes restrictions, he’s coming back from injury so they have to monitor his minutes for now
Bruised vagina after Brown called him a pussy.
Yea start fining the players for flops again. The NBA was trying to push that a few years ago. Also fine the refs when they get fooled by flops. Clean up the flopping Mr. Silver.
If players are gonna keep flopping then they just have to accept the negative attention that comes along with it.

Half of hardens legacy his his flopping, so if that's how he wants to be remembered, then so be it.
Yeah I was surprised about it too. I initially thought it was a defensive foul, and was mentally prepping for the Nets final shot to try and win it.
that foul wasn’t fun to see cause i hate when anyone gets hurt but if one of the beloved players had committed it the conversation would be very different. bev gets no respect
I don't like him because he plays unnecessarily reckless defense that ends up hurting people or makes plays that could end up hurting people too often.
Lebron
Lol. Speedy recovery uncle Jeff.
The irony here is that they used the challenge that would have helped them at the end on Pat Bev's obvious foul that injured Jeff Green. 

Call it karma.
won by a flop
He does it to every team, not just us too. Little fucker. Hope Green isn't out for too long
Cry more buddy
It’s hard for these old refs for some reason. I think we need younger refs.
Harden beat you guys with floaters and 3's though, did the last play make you black out the other 47:30 of the game... Also Harden has usually gotten double teamed in the playoffs, cant see that happening much if he's flanked by Kyrie, KD, Joe Harris, Jeff Green.
Bad logic. The fact that he gets away with it most of the time doesn’t make it not a foul.
lol nobody knows. 

Harden just acted so surprised the refs couldn't help it I guess.
Cause harden has the refs in his pocket and almost single handedly makes the nba almost unwatchable
17 turnovers is bad but the game was decided by one possession. And the refs botched it.
Calm down kiddo
He's more reckless than anything. He just throws his body everywhere. He's always injuring himself as well
Actually, this is why I don’t watch football too. The refs are way too involved on every play. Instant replay review, holding/pass interference on way too many plays, meaningless kickoffs that are basically 2-second breaks from commercials, all these things have made the game basically unwatchable for me. The NBA is doing a great job of looking more like football, which is a huge turnoff. Fucking commercials during free throws.

Sports leagues can only actively make their product worse for so long until the money gained from additional advertising is offset by the hemorrhaging fans.
Honest question, how do you feel about Ginobili?
With the refs on your side anything is possible 😂🤷‍♂️
When we didn’t have AD and Dennis. And a game winning flop. Congratulations lol
Minutes restriction
Bone edema on one of his toe; I'm thinking they want to avoid a stress fracture; which can take him out for months
Also booth reviews in the last couple minutes
I always did think he looked like Kimbo.
> Very reminiscent of his playoff outing.

OutingS.

Lou Will is really bad in the playoffs over the entirety of his career.
They had 42.9%, to the Nets 28.9%. It's actually a pretty bad loss to lose with that much of a 3pt shooting advantage.
min restriction
Yea i think so.
Guys like Trae/luka are the next gen that are inspired by Hardens game. “Selling the call” is here to stay. It’s the negative of all the offense friendly new rules and officiating
You do realize the Nets were playing the Clippers right?
The nets were in control basically the whole game. Let's calm down lol. The nets would still have the last shot.
oh please. that's a non-call at best. refs call on the push off almost every...single...time.
Yeah , we kinda playing like shit today tho; too many turnovers; in the end y'all outplayed us mostly, i think we were just trying to steal the game lol
They don’t dirty cheat
And harden got free throws on the possession before with a ghost call, they also didn’t call the Nets player tripping pg on that rebound that led to the Harris cut. But yeah let’s act like the Nets didn’t get good calls either
And they very well still could be, this is a regular season game in feb. plenty of time for a million different things to happen like idk Kyrie’s annual season ending injury, Harden quitting on another team in the playoffs etc.
I think so if only because the Miami Big 3 didn't really utilize the things Bosh was good at.
Idk how you can put the clippers over the nets when the nets just beat them without Kevin Durant.
76ers?
No KD and they still won.
Definitely a flop; but kwahi definitely pushed off
The shocked pikachu faces are legit funny. 

These people seriously thought 3 top 10 players would have no idea how to play basketball together.
So the Clippers won the game even though they didn’t lead in the second half? Come on. You can be mad about the call but how do you know what would’ve happened after that?
It should have gone to overtime at a minimum
😂😂😂
Weep
Fuck Patrick Beverly's dirty ass. This is why the flippers never do shit in the playoffs.
well no. it wouldve gone to ot
Ty Lue lost that 🤡
Pat Bev flair lol
A flop should never be called a foul though
how did you come to that conclusion from this game
KD’s requirements state that his team must be able to beat anyone without him. Lol
no, warriors without kd had depth and went 73-9 while blowing teams out by 20
He’s just continuing his tradition of always playing with at least one other all NBA level player 🤷🏻‍♂️

*Edit: to the people DM’ing me, I’m not talking shit about KD I’m literally just stating a fact, he has always played with another all NBA level player every year since the year he got drafted. I don’t have a stake in the KD saga lmao.
he was terrible in the first hallf. in the second half he made plays and was great. he has these spurts where he looks solid but for the most part is ass.
Bro get tf outta here. We played amazing basketball, outplayed every team on this road trip and did it without our best guy. Want to talk about injuries, look at our injury report, nearly half the roster is listed. Want to talk about refs? Check the play where Kawhi flopped the play before and got two free throws. The nets had an absolutely dominant sweep, you just aren’t watching the games.
Someone in the game thread called him Put Me In P
saving his goods for the Playoff P
there it is.
Do you mean to say he was Lueted?  ^(sorry had to)
Player health P
Yea but extra 10 seconds shouldn't be that much of a problem right?
Woah didn’t realize he’d missed so much time
[deleted]
First time for everything
Postulation P
Because there would’nt have been a last chunk of the fourth to play if PG wasn’t in during the fourth to bring us back from down 15 to tie it up. If you just sit PG then to save his minutes for later, it would’ve been a twenty point blowout and the game would’ve been over. PG almost singlehandedly brought us back
Yeah, all they need is another back-up center and it's lights out for the East
They really gave Nash KD and Kyrie


They really gave Harden Nash with DAntoni


Lmfao. Playoffs would be so much fun
And 11-1 against winning teams.
Won’t make the finals.  Just putting this here for I-told-you-so’s in July.
Eh i don't think they have figured it out half as much as people here thought before the season and then again when they got Harden. The majority of this sub went all in on the big predictions.
It all means nothing without a chip.

!remindme 4 Months.
Perhaps, but I wonder if the deal wouldn't have been done if Morey had just caved on the Simmons + Maxey and 2 picks that the rockets wanted.
What did Morey even do wrong?
Maxey was the deal breaker apparently.
Man harden butler and bam on the same team🤦🏾‍♂️
What about the culture?
[Boston too.](https://twitter.com/Murf56/status/1328852886843953153)
I don't think Heat really had a shot at Harden. Yes the whole Herro and Robinson are untouchable talk was rubbish, but I think the real staller was having to part with so many picks
Tillman won't give Harden to Morey, Maxey or not. We're just a leverage for them to squeeze Brooklyn dry.
We tried bro
Didn’t Philly offer & the owner really just not want to trade to Daryl Morey
It was Maxey actually lmao
Fertitta didn't want to trade harden to Philly to spite Morey, what you talking about
It’s pretty evident that Rockets fans want Ben Simmons more now than we 76er fans ever wanted James Harden.
Well.. nobody else made a move for him
its just a joke. people were saying this about lebron last year, that they really gave lebron a prime AD.
Lakers with AD are not an easy chip. At all.
Clippers are tough man. I don't want to face that team in the finals they were a huge challenge tonight.
Lol I know Breen was like "He's really shaken up" naw man he clearly had his shoulder dislocated.
PLEASE institute the "You get your challenge back if you were right" thing at the very least.
They need to review everything
They will In the future when we have bots as referee
never gonna fix it because we go on reddit to complain about it but then watch the very next game.
Shoutout to the clips for not getting punked though
[deleted]
I didn’t think this one was nearly in the same stratosphere as the early game beside that last call.
You're essentially saying the guy who sold it more should get the foul according to the rules deeming there to be no contact in the sport. I don't think you thought this through bro.

If the refs stop rewarding flopping, the players will stop flopping.
Finally had a good 3 point shooting. I just think lou will is wasting their shots, he and pg should take 25 each
Bowen? Maybe?
Nah they can change it to a foul on Harden

Happened in a game the other day
What does DJA mean? Are you talking about Deandre Jordan? If so, why the random A?
I think we're just hoping to get roughly 20 minutes of that in the playoffs, especially depending on the matchup.
Playoffs slow down, ball stoppers and iso players shine, deservedly downvoted
Just a couple weeks ago it was a brand new team lmao
They wasted it on grimey ass Pat Bev
if that screen is a foul the NBA is doomed because players set that foul on nearly every single play, its unfortunate Uncle Jeff got hurt but that is just an NBA screen. You guys think its malicious because you hate Bev, at least own your bias.
pat bev actually did play great though
I don’t think Clips fans would say that
No
this loss is on the fuckin refs no CAP
Say no more
Maybe they shouldn't have challenged the most obvious moving screen possible
They need to update the challenges for sure.
What, the problem is that they used it stupidly. That Bev screen was never getting overturned. Even in the better system where you keep your challenge if you're proven right, the Clips wouldn't have had one left.
We blaming bad calls on the coaches now?
I think pat bev force him to review it
[deleted]
This raises another question. Can they call another, previous part of the play a defensive foul or can they only look to see if the offensive foul was correct?
I'd say it's 50/50.  I could see the challenge going either way since while Kawhi's arm went out a little he was already in contact with Harden while trying to grab the ball with both hands.
thats a harden free throw if the players were switched. kawhi did a classic harden move.
Chill bruh, y'all already got Kennard, Morris, and Jackson
Plumlee has been great this year.
Us Pistons fans loved him too. Cant do much on offence but man does he work his ass off on D
Bruce Brown been a good player for us all season.
salivating at what a fucking scary yet thrilling an nba finals series will be with the full Clippers squad against the full Nets squad. Kevin Durant in the Finals? no fucking thank you
God I hope its Nets vs Clippers in the finals. Inject 7 games of that straight into my jugular.
Everyone said that last year.
Because its a stupid take and you deserve it. Clippers have to prove they belong in the finals, not the Lakers.
You play whoever’s in front of you my man
True true. But weird regular season stuff happens all the time I guess. Hell we sent our best player on the night to the bench in the final few minutes because of a minutes restriction lol

Just losing in that specific way leaves a sour taste.
Lmao he flopped for sure. But Kawhi also made plenty of contact and extended the arm. I hate losing that way, but I know I'd be hyped af if Pat Bev did the same so I won't be hypocritical about it lol
And Durant, perhaps the second best player in the NBA, didn't play the whole game. What's your point?
It should have been. He hooked Kawhi's arm. But what else is new? 🤷‍♂️
If you're gonna flop, might as well make it clutch
If a player did it for any of our teams, we'd all be for it. 

Made a play on the refs to secure the W, and it worked.
Revenge on PatBev getting that call on Harden last season( Or was it 2019?) in the clutch securing the W. 

Both with probably legit fouls but obvious embellished contact lol a flop for a flop

E: nvm just remembered it and it was Smart in a game obviously vs. The Cs lol
“He isn’t clutch”
They fucked todays Celtics and Pelicans game too. Really blowing it recently
seriously, the game was primed for a great basketball ending but refs said nope, it's Sunday, we going home.
It was a bit ridiculous to call that so late in a close game ngl
Honestly, thank PBev and Ty Lue for challenging that injury-inducing screen that Pbev set on Jeff Green as well. 

Edit: added a word.
😩😩😩😩😩🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
4th quarter was almost 40 minutes long and they just wanted to go home at that point 😂
Fuck bev
Pat Bev has done some dirty shit in the past but I don’t think that play was dirty, just looked like an illegal screen.
that exact same screen gets set by a player damn near every single play, please stop.
lol you just don't watch basketball if you think Bev did anything excessive or out of the ordinary there, it just hit at a fluke angle
Jeff Green got injured from a move by PBev but it wasn't dirty. Illegal screen at worst but it's a normal basketball play that had an unfortunate result

I hate the guy as much as anyone else but let's not result to slander.
Fuck you too
Fuck you and harden. Im glad yall in the east because thats second time we got screwed by refs against yall.
On a simple blind screen. If you're gonna get injured when a guard leans a little into you, you were made of glass anyway. Fuck em.
Yeah I'm glad we were in it, especially considering PG wasn't even in at the end with the minutes restriction
It was n incredible game. Such a shame for it to end like that
Lakers fan mad
I swear that ref was worried about a Postmates delivery or something...such a dumb call...
Trae flops way more
It was a flop. He had already initiated contact; cancel both out and just let it play, Leonard had already beaten him off the dribble anyway
Should've been a foul on Harden first if we go by your logic
so we just gonna ignore the obvious foul on Harden completely?
100% guarantee you would not be saying this if it wasn't your team on the winning side lmao
[deleted]
It really does. It’s why any non-recent nets fans have been anything but toxic here, we’ve been through some serious shit and there’s no other way to describe this season but happy and exciting. 

It helps that our three stars all seem to really like being here. They have also been through some controversy and are arguably the 3 most disrespected and disliked superstars in recent history. 

Like 3 years ago any post having to do with what team has the worst future would be filled with people saying the nets, and now we’re here.
Tell me abt it
Everyone in the league flops at this point.
Yes he does, but if Kawhi and the clips are getting soft calls all night then why can't Harden get one?
a W is a W to me
It's a game winning flop from your star player that's averaging a 20 pt triple double on 50-40-90 shooting. How can you not appreciate a player like that as a basketball fan. If some random Nets role player like Bruce Brown or Joe Harris made that play, people would be begrudgingly respecting it, but since it's Harden its full on hate. If Pat Bev did this for you guys, Clippers fans would be pumped as hell, same as Celtics and Smart, Raptors and Lowry, Lakers Caruso... etc. I could go down the entire 30 NBA teams and list at least 1 player who falls a little too easy on contact trying to bait calls, and usually that guy is a fan favorite of that team, while fans of other teams fucking hate him, but accept they'd like him on their own team.
He flopped all 37 points in and flopped all 11 rebounds and flopped all 7 assists
I'll take that over a bitch ass player who shoulder checks someone from behind. It's karma they loss their only challenge on an obvious foul (from a player with injury causing history) for when they really needed it. 


More than not liking how the game ended I'm more concerned with the health of Jeff Green.
Man fans like you are so annoying. I got nothing but praise for the Clippers team
He came for Joe Harris, not KD or Kyrie.
When all 3 are on the floor. He’s more of a playmaker, scoring less
u forgot about washington getting the 7/8th seed. bestbrook v durant
Saxon just smiled
I don’t disagree however I think the Sixers have a decent chance TBH. Even though the Nets seem to quietly be figuring out their defense, Embiid could legitimately keep the Sixers in it, and maybe even beat them. 

Still feels like the Nets conference to lose however.
Their small ball style is gonna wear them out imo. Also they rely on 2 injury prone players
clippers flair... DAJ... 

???
DAJ with the huge tip holy fuck
Well PG got pulled so not fully healthy
They’re anything but healthy atm. Also why do you have a nets flair now
Let's not kid anyone. You guys are the favourites. They really let KD + Irving get Harden too. Oh well, at least you guys aren't the Clippers or Celtics.
So fitting coz Paul George took a Precaution P
Let Kyrie/Harden make that clutch play, that would have been a much better ending to a great game.
Lebron flopping was just a warning not a fined.
RUSSIA AND UKRAINE COME TO AGREEMENT TO AWARD CRIMEA RIVER TO R/NBA 🤝
He has bone edema. No need to give him crazy minutes
lol did they not know on the national broadcast? On the local we knew it was minutes restriction
Idk. His toe could legit have had some swelling as well. Unlike what the announcers said, you do not 'forget about tomorrow' when you're in the regular season. I'm not trying to see PG hobble into the playoffs because he didn't let a toe injury heal. That's why you see guys like Patrick Willis retire in their primes.
Lol can only chat with fellow Nets fans about this, convinced he's one of the best clutch players for this reason, anytime he drives, it'll pretty much be a basket or foul, long as he can pull through the fouls, watching him miss those 2 in the 4th was a shock, but glad DJ came through to make up for it.
Honestly, the Nets played an amazing game, great D and just made tough shot after tough shot. Ultimately, they deserved to win. But as fans of the sport, we all deserved a better ending. Let's hope the NBA cleans this stuff up for the sake of the fans.
Okay, this guy goes great lengths to not blame Harden for the flop, but you go all the way to blame the other team?
Nah dude... he flopped. If anything, its a no call.
you’re right
No push off what so ever lol
The Floppies?
Lmao. Fml
The English use it all the time lol
Blame the player for the flop
I’ll blame them both.
I think it's fair to blame both.
Por que no los dos
If KD keeps missing games and the nets keep winning then I definitely see it
Wow, first reasonable Clippers fan in the thread. Like yeah Harden sold it, but he did that because Kawhi loves to push off there and gets away with it 90% of the time.
It's been his nickname on this sub forever basically; it's not going away.
must be new here.
He got that nickname because people treated him as if he was worse than Hitler during 2014-2017 season
You're right.. Adolf would have never..
Is this your first time reading this & if no, are you being serious? that's what you can expect from r/nba
[deleted]
Nets coaches to Harden "You know you can flop on defense too"  


Harden "!?"
Are you fuhrious?
First chamber was fun!
yah but the comment is saying that y'all only sealed the comeback cuz the DJ foul which was bs
Harden definitely flopped. I'm confused why lue wasted a challenge on the green play. It sucks that the end had to done by the refs.
Def a flop.
W lol
Absolutely!!!  No repercussions for clear mistakes. Like you all deserved to win.  We had no excuses to commit so many live ball turnovers.  Were there questionable fouls missed on both ends in the 3 quartets prior?  Of course, but we played horribly and finally woke up with about 6 minutes left.

The stretch on from Green clipping PG on the rebound and Kyries non called travel  was just brutal both ways.

To end it like that though just makes me sick.  Could have been a game winner on your end or OT.  

Hard to enjoy the game when this year especially it has felt like the Kings getting fixed with the way the refs have been league wide.
True but would two minutes to close out the game have been so bad?
And their team. There's a reason why people shit on the rockets. And it's not because of Gordon
I loved Bev when he played for us and I agree with you. He doesn’t get any benefit of the doubt. Harden too. If that was someone else who flopped there for the win, people would at least understand that as a smart defensive play. But since it’s Harden he’s gonna get crucified for it.
what does he have to do with this
Yea that was a real dumb way to use the challenge. They should really have booth reviews in the last couple mins like NFL.
Carry our balls boy. Why you hating on us when you should be worried about the clippers making history again.
Lol you’re probably one of the fans that defended it for years
Could also use a 4th ref. Not sure why they insist on 3.
no doubt.
Great player. What does he have to do with this? 

Are you  trying to insinuate that Ginobili flopped as much as Harden does?
One call you baby. Maybe don’t go down by 15 in the 4th
The refs marched the clippers to the line for 10 free throws in the 4th...STFU
We didn't have KD or Dinwiddie
It really is, especially with no durant there. Idk why I dont hear other analysts remark on the Clippers dependence on ridiculous 3 point shooting, no one can actually believe this team will continue to shoot this well (42%, best mark of all time) once the fans come back, even at 50% capacity, in late spring/early summer or once the pressure of playoffs kicks in.
Exactly. They see him and start modeling their game after his bullshit.

If the NBA wants their top stars acting like euro soccer floppers, I'm out.
Yup. And you guys are in the same boat, obviously. Both of our teams have been the little brother for a very long time. My comment was geared towards r/NBA in general though.
you gave up a 15 pt 4th quarter lead and needed a flop to win the game lmao
If that was Harden driving there he definitely gets the foul call. He had just gotten a phantom call on the other end driving to the basket. C'mon, son...
The defense was there though. Don't know if you've seen what the Nets do to the other alleged top defenses. Clips by far held up the best. 

Haven't played the Jazz yet, but that's going to show just how realistic it is to stops the Nets on offense, especially if KD plays. 

KDs a walking bucket, he'll get something like 25 pts on 13 shots in his sleep as a bad game. There is no defense possible to stop him either. There hasn't been the entire time he's been in the league, except for when Westbrook would refuse to pass him the ball.
The turnovers were killers. But kudos to the clips. Their close out defense the 4th qtr was so good and they almost clutched it. GG bro
LMFAO!
I accept your argument.
Also beat them with KD. Nets are 2-0 against the Clippers this year so far I believe.
You heard me.
How do so many NBA fans not know how to spell “Kawhi”? Lol
[deleted]
Ok
It would have been an and-1.
It was embellished but Kawhi extended the arm. That's why JVG said he knew it wouldn't appear on the L2m report, it's a foul by the book.
obligatory contract terms, or he doesn't sign at all
can win with these cats
Im a nets fan but this comment is gold lol
His only requirement is to hit a game winner in Lebrons face in the finals
If we didn't have depth Harden-Kyrie wouldn't be 5-0 in the West. 

&#x200B;

\*Note this comment does not mean I think our depth is at all comparable to the 73-9 Warriors, just saying we got good players outside the big 3
Not when he was first drafted to Seattle
I don’t know why you were downvoted it’s the truth and no one ever mentions it lol
*tradition of not having to compete for titles
Lol you guys are just getting way too hyped and presumptuous. Acting like Clipper fans last year, but look how that turned out haha
Ask Andrew Bogut about his Cav's career.
Does it matter for a pretty meaningless regular season game?
I agree with you, but there's nothing they can do. It's a shitty situation for any player. That's the technicality of the NBA for you.
damn
We just got our back up center today with Claxton returning. 

Gonna take him a little bit to break into rotation, but I'm confident he fits that role.
lights out for league* with the way they’ve been clicking
Claxton coming back too
Is that DeMarcus Cousins' music???
Bah god, that’s boogie cousins music! (I know James Harden beef, but it would be a good fit besides that)
Kyrie goes down mid 1 round. Nash suits up, averages 12 assists still
Yeah wasn't there reports simmons was informed he was basically traded
Also reported tilman wasn’t waning to trade with Morey. I don’t think Morey let’s harden walk because of maxey. I think tilman was just petty
Tillman just threw in Maxey for an excuse to void the deal. He pretty much would have kept adding to the deal if Morey agreed to the Maxey ask. At that point, Morey probably realized Tillman wouldn't agree to any deal.
Morey was never trading Harden to Morey. They were literally just using the Sixers as leverage with the Nets. Morey wouldn’t have basically told Ben Simmons he was traded only for the trade to fall through if all it took as Maxey and extra picks.
Nothing actually (to any person with a shred of moral decency) but to the Rockets ownership POV, he ruined their relations with China probably.
I refuse to believe that. Maxey isn’t even in the rotation rn.
Heat Culture >>> Vice Economy boom
Why are these people in the comments so happy about not getting Harden, wtf?!
Houston said they wanted more than Herro and Duncan for Harden
we got nothing from Brooklyn.
Yes but it’s more fun to meme about how dumb the sixers are so they keep doing it lol
iirc the trade was about to happen but philly didn't want to include maxey
Yeah the Philly one is terrible the trade would have been done but they didn't wanna include Maxey makes no fucking sense
even worse 🤣
Alright this narrative needs to stop. How about ya'll spend some time reading up on reports. Philly was ready to offer up Maxey as well. Rockets were never gonna give Morey Harden.

Also Philly's offer without Maxey was still better than what the Rockets ended up taking.
well i'm glad the nets have him now you philly fans don't deserve him
Sixers?
Didn't Philly offer up a package around Simmons?
They don't have anybody that can actually guard KD. You guys blew them out with him. Clippers at least have some solid wing defenders.
Yeah that's what he's saying the nets win easy if it's anyone else besides the clippers coming out of the west.
As someone who plays and watches a lot of tennis, the way the NBA does challenges is super weird. 

"Congrats on a successful challenge, now don't do it again"
At the very least makes it one per half
Even as a nets fan I thought it was an and 1 for leonard there.
Warriors-Knicks and Warriors-Mavs Game 2 as well
what was wrong in that one?
No, I'm saying the rules as they stand encourage players to sell small contact to get foul calls. It's not always flopping but simply exaggerating a call so the ref sees the contact even if it's miniscule (and sometime non existent and then flopping) Harden is king at this. Kawhi was fouled but did not flail and exaggerate to show the ref he was fouled. Harden was then lightly "fouled" right afterwards and exaggerated the contact. Harden showed that his tactics are better, and more players are doing this. 

In the last ten years most contact has been phased out by rule changes and "emphasis" on rules... especially contact by defenders. This makes the game more offense oriented which is fun I guess. But these rules simply encourage selling the call and exaggerating the contact so the ref sees it. Watch the evolution of European soccer. Basketball is on a similar trend. 

It's nearly impossible for refs to know when it's a flop and not a flop or a foul/not a foul half the time at real game speed. Basketball officiating has always had some guess work involved.  It's not an officiating problem as much as a rules problem.....players are getting smarter at how to cheat the system.
Bowen definitely, and Laimbeer before him.
He probably meant DAJ
Its provocative, gets the people asking the real questions... like why did I put an A on there... who knows man.
Ball stoppers and iso players shine? Downvote me all you want but I guess we’re watching two different games. From my perspective, playing hero ball almost never works and ball stoppers don’t usually win. It’s one thing to iso, it’s another to be an iso exclusive player that’s a total ball stopper. Team systems work the best in the playoffs. And they don’t play defense, unless maybe that isn’t needed in the playoffs anymore either
That's an obvious illegal screen foul lmao, you're the one who doesn't think it's malicious because he's on your team and calling us bias.
Dude threw his whole body into the screen. It’s a dumb play and a foul. Then they compounded the mistake by wasting a challenge
He finished with more fouls than points lmao
Only caught the last few minutes. Playing better or worse than that game where he went at Westbrook’s knees cause he was getting dogged out? 🤔
even if it was an incorrect call successfully challenged, they still wouldn't have been able to use a second challenge. at the very least, a team should get another challenge if their first challenge was a mistake that they caught.
[deleted]
The system is still ass
or refs could get calls right
It can be a bad call and Ty Lue can be a dumbass for burning his challenge.  The two aren't mutually exclusively lol
Blaming bad challenges on the coaches
Blaming bad challenges on the coaches
Since when did "it was obviously the wrong call" ever matter to NBA refs?
He clearly pushed him off him. Yeah harden snapped his neck but he did push off. Now they should’ve called harden for hand checking him before
They sometimes do but I've never seen it actually made clear whether they "can."
Lol you right. What's good with Bey?
Y'all know who he is
Dude both of our games the shot making has just been insane. Kyrie or harden will hit a bucket and I’m like ok maybe we’ll pull away and then pg14 just drills a 3 right in someone’s Face. Like the offensive skills is unreal in the matchup
Your team is really really freaking good. If you guys added one really good playmaker I feel like you might be unstoppable (except against us)
Only 4 for me please
I’m just trolling you guys. It’s also something people say after a game with another team
Yeah and I just said they beat you without KD? Lol.
Thank you man, you're my favorite Clip fan
Yea, Harden did flop, but the problem was more so that he made illegal contact with Leonard.
There's a reason why his nickname is cpt hook
Without a challenge too. Harden with the 4D chess
Nets fan. I'm not happy with that call, kind of makes the win feel underserved even though everyone played fantastic for over three quarters without KD.

Edit: except for Shamet. He wanted to play for his previous team really bad
Need to fire these refs into the Sun and replace them with AI, asap -- feels like there's not a day that goes by without a late blown call affecting the outcome of a game

Ain't nobody watches these games to see the Ref Show
This is the worst year of officiating I've ever seen
>Pelicans game too

You're talking about that tech on Reddick right lol?
Yes imagine the game on the line after a Kahwi score/and1 and Kyrie / Harden comes back down and pull up from 3 to end the game. Win or lose that would have been a great ending.
That Jordan foul on Kawhi from the previous possession was weak too ... Refs didn't have a good last minute on both sides
Heads up This dudes A Lebron/ Lakers troll who changed his flair to Nets and shit talks them every thread. Don’t blame him. I’d be worried if I was a Lakers fan too.
They would not have won the challenge anyways. (And I think it wasn’t a foul)
So we just gonna ignore the refs ruined the game because Clippers used their challenge?

So now refs can make bad decisions down the stretch without punishment beacuse teams should save their challenge for the last play?
Your hate boner is preventing you from using your brain.
This is the way.
I don't know: that foul looked suspect. He shoulder checked the hell out of Jeff from the back. Big difference between setting a pick and shoulder checking a guy from the back. 

https://youtu.be/VsjI6kAZVk4
Pbev has a rep but there was nothing malicious with that screen. But the hate train left the tracks and there's no brakes on r/nba lol
Yeah let's be real it's just because it's Pat Bev, that wasn't a dirty screen just illegal
I watch a lot of basketball and that foul was nasty. Difference between setting a pick and shoulder checking a player from behind. 

https://youtu.be/VsjI6kAZVk4
If its any other player, yea it's nothing. But time and time again Pat Bev does something a little extra. Like first 5 minutes of this game he fouled Harden to stop a fast break, which is fine, then does a little extra tug on his arm after just to get under Harden's skin. Yea it was a routine illegal screen by a routinely dirty player.
The classic you don't watch basketball so I'm right argument!
Thank you. It's crazy how some people are not able to look past their own bias against Bev.
imagine defending pat bev
Yeah i would be angry of my teammate not calling out the screen.
Yeah yeah. We can also say Brooklyn didnt have KD the whole game
... I'm just mad at the state of the NBA. I mean, it was the fucking Clippers that Harden flopped against but its still just really shitty basketball. Don't like seeing anyone, Clippers included, go down like that.
Who cares who he roots for? Some of us just really love basketball.
honestly such a vile way for this game to conclude.. absolutely disgusting
Nahhhh its eff the ref on sight lol
damn bro ya'll sounding more and more like rockets fans and it hasn't even been 3 months yet
same man. hes been amazing for us and now if he tore his shoulder out or something he could be out for the season.
Yeah, point is CP3 was off ball, so calling Harden the CP3 doesn't make sense. Harden was the main playmaker back then, so calling Kyrie the Harden role also doesn't make any sense tbh with you dude.
Not sure if I'd call sweeping their West road trip and holding the Lakers to 98 points **quietly** figuring out their defense
Embiid will feast but so will the big 3. It’s a rough matchup and Seth/Harris/Green will be the difference maker if their shots go in but the 3 point barrage and efficiency of scoring by all of BKN is just too much firepower to keep up with. Embiid gotta drop 35-40 a night and hope everyone else can contribute enough to score cause you know kd, kai, and harden will drop 30/26/24 and the shooters will hit their 3s
Idgi
and we essentially only played 7 players, because TLC got hurt in the first quarter and no Tyler Johnson (who's been giving 10-15 mins per game during this road trip)
I’d still take that over no KD.
And Batum....is a reanimated corpse?
Yeah our team isn’t healthy at all lol
LMAO in anther thread Nets fans were saying he's not a Nets fan. It's so funny another teams fan noticed he changed flairs
Fuck fines. The team should have to play the sequence 10x on the big screen + tv for the next game. And something with a bell and shame.
like i can’t even imagine what a bone bruise feels like, or even what a recovery time table would be. i’m just shocked that PG’s been playing at all.
Was actually surprised  he was already playing again. Thought it would've been better to be conservative but maybe they're trying to gauge his condition as well
Pretty bad minute management though. If he can play till 3 minutes left then it's certainly possible to stagger his minutes a bit better so he can finish off the game.
yeah, the commentators were pretty confused why he had to get pulled out on the national broad lol. They assumed that it was minutes restrictions but they also questioned it since they thought playing 2 more minutes isn't a dealbreaker.
He doesn't get the same calls in the postseason which, while he still puts up solid numbers, is problematic in terms of teams 'solving' the rockets. Lucky for you KD is the antidote to that problem
Shoulda been a non-call, I was surprised to see an offensive foul there, but the refs gonna ref.
If draymond did this to seal a game I don’t think you’d be complaining lol
Isn't it a bit silly to blame a competitive beast for trying to win.
It honestly wasn’t that bad of a flop lol, and it’s literally the refs job to see through that. As long as refs reward players with calls, players will keep flopping.
Blame Harden for trying to win the game?
Harden clearly fouled Kawhi before any extension even happened. And even if we go by your thinking, that’s a call you make midway through the second quarter, not on one of the fucking final possessions of the game where the ref below the basket can clearly see Harden flopping yet the ref twenty feet away who can only see Kawhi’s back makes the call. Defending this call is just asinine
Could easily be if mods decided to stop it
It’s a trash nickname regardless, nobody who just plays a sport controversially should be frequently nicknames as one of the most vile people in history. It’s not even funny either
[deleted]
I know about the Hitler thing, but still it’s inexcusable imo
Nicknames don’t get worse than fucking Hitler dude, at least not one-word nicknames. Harden isn’t some scumbag, he shouldn’t be referred to as someone so vile
Fucking hell dude, your layers of irony don’t make this any less awful
Well, you never know... worst case, something like KD injury could happen. Best case, he plays and clips win. 

I think you listen to doctors on this one especially since it’s just a reg season game
Maybe he should stop flopping if he doesn't want his legacy to be left as the number one flopper
FIND it funny, neeeded to get a 3rd superstar to maybe win ring, King Flopper of all people? i would be ashamed to be a fan of the nets with him on your team ESP after than flop of the year to win a game. dudde ruins basketball, thats a general opinion from all NBA fan too. harden makes basketball very unwatchable
Not insinuating, straight up saying. I watched a ton of Spurs after they beat my Nets in the Finals, and Harden is literally just Ginobili on steroids. The foul baiting, the finishing, the step back 3s, the crazy passes, obviously both lefties. It's just funny seeing the dichotomy of how you view these two players who are quite similar.
Yes
Maybe don't choke the lead and need the refs to bail you out 😂😂😂🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️💀💀
Oof, somebody's mad 🤪
Fair enough.
you guys still couldnt win with our best player out lmao
You 🤝 being so mad that you’re wishing injuries on our players 🤣🤣🤣
Whether it appears on the L2M report is arguable. And if JVG is the truth, then he also said they could have called a foul on Harden first but they let it go. So if Kawhi got contact from Harden first and flopped would he have gotten the call first? Probably, but I don’t think any players should be flopping. Make Basketball Great Again.
*The Hardest Road™*
He must be a fortune teller. Dude somehow knew over a year ago that Harden would force his way to a trade
lol come on, you guys were ready to sell deandre jordan for a bag of chips 10 games ago and he's like your 6th best player
Did I say anything bout the finals? No. But to act like this wasn’t an impressive road stretch is just plain stupid. We have the talent to be the best team in the league and currently, we are playing like the best team in the league. Doesn’t mean anything’s guaranteed, but rn I don’t have any reason to be worried about our future chances.
Tbf that was 60 seconds.
I've never understood this logic.  Bogut got injured in his first minute of playing with the Cavs, not the final 10 seconds.  What's the lesson here, just don't play?    

Is an extra 10 seconds going to aggravate something?
If every regular season game is meaningless what's the point of having a season?
1 seed is actually looking pretty valuable in the west, one of the Lakers/Clipppera/Jazz will have to fight in the 2nd round
True. Just unfortunate all around
If he does, it’ll make losing Allen just a lil bit more bearable.
I’m torn between not wanting you guys to successfully fill that need and also really wanting Claxton to do well
They legit have 3 players who could drop 50 any given night.
Definitely not after his comments on Harden after he left the Rockets.
Yeah
its not that, its that he was like I gotta go spend time with my family while he already had lined up a job with the Sixers.
IDK, think the only “slight” was Morey leaving and then taking the Philly job very quickly. Think Tillman perceived Morey as meddling with Harden’s situation in some way—even if that’s untrue.
100% bs reason from Fertitta’s camp to justify not dealing with Morey. Completely agree with you.
&#x200B;

Heat Culture >>>>>>>> Making the playoffs in the East
Because they are nephews, everyone seems to actually believe the dumb shit they say about Harden LOL

The same people this video was made about are these same people.

https://streamable.com/1mffm
Exactly. If it was only Herro and Duncan and maybe 2 picks, any GM is jumping on that
You cant act like everyone's fanbases and media weren't saying this shit though. It was more dumb peoples interpretation of "man titties" type leaks during weeks of trade talk lol anyone who actually watches basketball knew it was dumb but all the casuals which includes the media because that's where casuals get their narratives from were saying this shit un ironically. Casuals make up the majority of viewership so its not surprising when everyone starts parroting it tho tbh
This is simply false.
You're a Rockets fan and you believe that? Delete this lmao, you should know Morey better by now
https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/lpe29g/post_game_thread_the_brooklyn_nets_2012_defeat/goazrcq/
I have a real hard time believing Morey of all people didn't do everything he could to get Harden.
> Philly was ready to offer up Maxey as well.

I followed the entire saga, I did not hear or read a single report that said this. Every single reporter said that Sixers tried everything to keep Maxey out of the deal. Got a source on this?
We clearly don’t need him as we are the 1st seed. However, please enlighten me. Why do we not “deserve him”? From what I remember he demanded to be traded here.
Not with ben Simmons included apparently
We don't have anybody that can guard AD, so it's kind of a wash at best.
Who can guard KD ??
I think Lebron/Kuzma duo will be decent with KD. It's Harden the Lakers couldn't defend, Laker guards are too small for him. Last playoffs, they just doubled Harden everytime he gets the ball and just bet that the other 4 dudes will miss. Can't do that with the Nets obviously since they have 2 other all stars and a great shooter in Harris
Teams getting punished even harder for refs making errors by taking away their only mechanism to undo a ref error even when they are right is the whole issue encapsulated. Refs have no accountability, they just do whatever they want and when they make a mistake there are no repercussions, no fan wants the refs to decide games like they are doing right now with nonsensical techs and making game deciding offensive foul calls on clear flops. It's ridiculous.
This was a loss for all fans of the game, don't care about the win, I just want to see one of all these great players end the game with a great play, not some flop.
>Even as a nets fan

Why is your flare Timberwolves?
Warriors Knicks was unwatchable there were so many free throws
Tons of missed and blown calls - and it wasn’t even one sided, just awful all around.

They incorrectly called out of bounds on PJ Washington’s block on Oubre

Rozier got fouled on two threes, no calls

Kerr was trying to call timeout when Wanamaker had the ball, but refs didn’t see/hear and led to jump ball

They missed more, this is just off of the top of my head
> No, I'm saying the rules as they stand encourage players to sell small contact to get foul calls.

I'll stop reading there. No it doesn't, the referees have the whistles and they make the calls. It is up to them to stop whistling false contact and call-selling. When they do, then we can look at the rulebook.
That’s still not Deandre Jordan
we lead the league in assists per possession LMAO
They aren’t gonna play hero ball for 48 minutes. When it comes down to closing time in a tight playoff game or when the nets offense has gone cold, they have arguably three of the top iso players in the league to get the team a bucket and keep them in it. And plus they clearly showed they’re able to play defense tonight as it wasn’t a shootout and both teams ended the game around 110 points. Their defensive rotations are pretty suspect now but in the Phoenix and Clippers game tonight, they’ve shown flashes of defensive effort and that’s all they need as their all time great offence will win them a lot of games, reg season or playoffs. 

And who is a “total ball stopper”? All three have shown the ability to share the ball, get others involved such as TLC, Joe Harris, Bruce Brown, Shamet... etc. This isn’t the OKC KD and Russ show. Harden and KD are willing to defer to Kyrie if he’s hot, Harden will undoubtedly play like a pure PG come playoff time and depending who’s hot that night will get the ball in closing time.
2016 Cleveland had no business winning the series but they won off the fact that Kyrie and Lebron were unstoppable and kept hunting mismatches, used their  pressure to get others involved. The same will happen but this time they have Kyrie, Harden and KD who are all extremely capable of exploiting mismatches.

The fact is basketball can be won through star power on the offensive end playing hero ball, especially when it’s 3 of the best iso players in the league. The supporting cast just needs to do the bare minimum, hit their 3s and show defensive effort and they will always have a chance to win in the playoffs. This isn’t baseball or football where it’s team reliant.
It’s definitely not malicious and you’re proving my point. If your argument is you think Bev tried to hurt Jeff Green at least own that.

The truth is these screens are set many times a game. Guys lean in, plant themselves and use forearm shivers, stick out their hips, etc constantly. It’s rarely called. This one was only controversial because a player got hurt and it’s Bev. Period.
imagine thinking the only way to contribute to a basketball game is scoring, sad.
you clearly don’t watch any clippers games. he’s been very important to the teams success all year but y’all will keep bringing up the westbrook incident
I'm sorry, what would you like to have changed about the system? Are you saying teams should get their challenge back even when they're wrong about their first challenge?
Yes but the challenges are there for wrong calls, challenges in NFL, MLB, and now the NBA
They’re not equal. Refs have one job and there should have been a review regardless.
To be fair a million times a game that's not a foul because it doesn't hit at a fluke angle that hurts the other player

Y'all acting like it was some crazy blatant foul and not just a typical illegal pick
Don’t argue with them man, they’re in Salt Lake City
Go away
Dammit that was the Nets pick too. We got Shamet in exchange for that pick... =(
pg14. i love it. evolved
Your comment just seemed out of nowhere in response to the one above you
How I would feel. Imagine the feeling to end the game if instead Kahwi makes that and1 play and Kyrie comes back and knocks down the game winner 3. That's the stuff fans live for. What a great game that could have been lose or win.
Papa Elon we need you
I’ll take phrases we say every year for $500 lol.
Yea after yesterday's warriors vs hornets game and now the games today, it's been fucking terrible.
The softest ejection I’ve seen in a long time
This won't be talked about enough.
You spend a lot of time thinking about me yet are weirdly clueless. Find me a single comment I made shit talking the Nets since you have nothing better to do than stalk me. Otherwise I’d recommend a more fulfilling hobby
We dont know that. Officiating obviously sucked at the end but challenging that flop at the end wouldve still been better than challenging that screen set by beverly.
“Blame Ty Lue for not recognizing the refs were assuredly going to make a trash call at the end of the game.”
Did i say to ignore the incompetence of the refs? 

Did i? 

The refs did a poor job at the end. But so did ty lue and pbev for challenging that obvious offensive foul of a screen. As shit of a rule as it is rn, coaches and players know that they only have one challenge per game. They wasted it.
Yea, i hate pbev. Doesnt change the fact that the screen of his was an offensive foul.
I don't think it was intentional but it did look like he was making fun of Green right after he left so idk. Still a little hate might be warranted.
You and your reasoning can GTFO
definitely not dirty, debatable on the legality of it. Happens many times in every game. It just caught Green off guard and resulted in an injury sadly. If he had see him and glanced off of him we wouldn't be having this conversation.
It's odd how you kind of call out the flawed bias in your own thinking and run right through it. And now you're saying that this play that *wasn't* a problem somehow is because of the player's past, and over time that becomes just this pile of plays that weren't actually a problem but you remember them as such. It's very American justice system, but just wrong. If you choose to see one part of a player's game then yeah, you'll only see that part. Plenty of players shoved and pulled just like Pat Bev on that Harden foul in this game alone.
But it's somewhat valid, so many people take part in these discussions without actually watching more than the highlights on this sub or maybe only the headlines. If you watch actual games you see screens like this all the time, and 80% of the time they are not called.
The classic not even making an argument argument
Fuck you
I’ll defend him over that fucking flopper any day.
Imagine being so hateful against a player that you can't look past your own bias. Bev is great for us and did nothing that doesn't happen every game.
Yeah we should keep such excuses to our own sub... 

The focus should not be on win or lose, but the nba dealing with the flipping, imagine such critical flop calls come playoffs. I would much rather see that basket count and watch if Kyrie/Harden could make the clutch play.
lol just said I was glad we were in it given that we played bad and PG was out at the end, wasn't like I was making excuses as much as you wanna play barking chihuahua
My guy its a regular season game and the Nets probably would have won by 20 with KD, TLC, and Green healthy. You acting like its game 7 of the NBA finals with those words
honestly at this point every single player in the league flops a lot. Harden was one of the pioneers and you can hate him for it, but at this point its so widespread hes not really the worst offender even. we saw that crazy flop lebron had the other day, cp3 does it all the time etc.
Cp3 was a pass first PG. harden is a pass first pg rn.
Kyrie said it himself “Harden is playing PG and he is playing more of SG”

Harden is scoring the least among him, KD and Kyrie. He is taking a backseat scoring wise and is creating for others which was similar to CP3’s role on the Rockets with MDA. Only difference is harden scoring less, is still giving you 25-30 a night.
never seen a clippers fan refer to DJ as DAJ.
And in those final minutes without PG, we only had 6 healthy bodies since Green got hurt.
Pulled P
We didn't even have KD or Claxton. And TLC got injured early. And Pat Bev took out Green.
I noticed cause this dude is always in clipper related threads instigating
Flairless
and he was lights out too all with a bone bruise.
Game would’ve been a blowout if you save him until last three minutes. You wouldn’t be saving him for anything
Yeah I've seen that, I rooted for you guys to go to the finals think few years ago, the season I remember CP3 got injured, think most of us just wanted someone to beat the super team warriors that season lol, we'll make sure to take great care of him here in Brooklyn.
Then you're a tribalist moron. Flopping is bad and if my team's franchise player was known for it, I probably wouldn't be a fan.
Nah, no one can blame him for that. Just blame him for continuing to be a flopper.

FYI, Harden doesn't play for the Rockets anymore. You don't have to keep defending him.
I hope you realize it would definitely make things worse, you know people already jokingly call the mods Nazi’s... now you want them to protect Hitler too?
I find the sheer hyperbole of the nickname funny in certain instances honestly, but to each their own I suppose.
How does flopping make him a Nazi?
I agree wholeheartedly. I've just typically started avoiding this sub after seeing similar stuff far too often.
It’s intentionally hyperbolic, no one is actually comparing the two. I get it’s in bad taste and don’t find it funny anymore myself but yeah.
I guess im just irritated that he wasn't closing out the game. Maybe his minutes could have been better managed
He’s far from the number one flopper but go off man. I understand the pain of being on the receiving end of something like this. Hell, Harden himself [knows](https://youtu.be/1a4CnOtVn0U)
> FIND it funny, 

Hilarious actually.

> neeeded to get a 3rd superstar to maybe win ring, King Flopper of all people? 

Why type that sentence when you could just say wah wah wah.

> i would be ashamed to be a fan of the nets with him on your team

Lol why? Harden along with Durant and Irving have pretty much pushed us out of the Knicks shadow and for that they will always have our respect.  

>ESP after than flop of the year to win a game. 

That’s a problem with refereeing not harden. Why would a nets fan cannibalize their own team

>dudde ruins basketball, thats a general opinion from all NBA fan too. 

Well general nba fans especially on here think it’s okay to call harden hitler so for all intent and purposes they can suck my balls.

> harden makes basketball very unwatchable

Interesting you would say that when the nets  objectively have some of the most interesting games this year. 

Although watching the clippers make history does have its charm.
Manu flopped more, he's the king of flopping. Even LBJ, Bosh and D-Wade are also known for it, and yeah Harden's in that same tier as those guys.

But Manu, Marcus Smart, PBev and Corey Brewer are generally considered the kings of the flop.
I view them differently because one is literally known to employ the tactics excessively. Maybe its because I watched alot of Spurs-Rockets games and i have seen it soo much more than most people, that I had that mindset. Am not saying Manu didnt flow back in the day but to make it seem like he was known mainly for that is just disingenuous. on the other hand, Harden is highkey known for 3 things, "dribble dribble dribble", drawing shitty fouls and flopping, and heck until a couple of years ago, shitty ass defense. 

Its cool you repping the player on your team, thats what you should do. But to act like Any player in the NBA flopps as hard and as often as Harden  does is just straight up capping.
Nice emojis you cool teen
yeah, the sore losers. blame pat bev for wasting your challenge
batum, kawhi, and pg are coming off of injuries and it’s a regular season game. it’s not that big of a deal, people are upset because refs decided the game and have been out of control.
The Harden Road
Like us having depth shouldn’t be a question. If the team was just Kyrie/Harden we wouldn’t go 5-0. One of those games Kyrie didn’t even play. He’s also been in a shooting slump
Bruce brown, Jeff green, Joe Harris are good players then the rest of our bench is shooters
DJ is pretty washed up. We need another big man and we will get one, I’d rather have him on the bench. He’s pretty much a below average center 

Doesn’t mean we don’t have depth, we play small ball. We have like 6 players shooting >40% from 3
I never said it wasn’t impressive, I’m just saying it’s a little misleading to talk about this “sweep” without context like the Lakers being short handed and getting saved by the refs lol
It's a joke
It could. But you can guarantee he won't get hurt on the bench.
What's the point of having NBA at all?
Regular season games are about making it to the playoffs. Getting the 1 seed is less of a priority than going in healthy.
It's just what nba casuals say when they bandwagon superteams.
Ok but if he were to get hurt after his restriction everyone would be livid as yo why they would play PG in a regular season game.
That's the whole big issue that the nba is facing the past few years, fans just do not care about the regular season anymore, and it's none more obvious that some of the MVP awards from the last year where it strictly rewards good regular season play despite terrible post season play, which makes no sense because fans & players just do not care about the regular season
This but for real
It's like how NBA players can play a contact sport, but can't dap each other up after the game cuz of covid protocols. Doesn't make any sense
And Joe Harris
I feel like he was at odds with the organization. Maybe im misremembering
I swear they were close to firing Morey anyway, it definitely seemed like all last season his job was on the line. Plus who tf wants to work for Tilman.
The CCP wanted Morey out. I bet my life they threatened Tillman, and he doesn't want to lose that Chinese revenue, with the Rockets being insanely popular in China
It's because they didn't offer Simmons I thought?
but if you type up on google "heat harden" and see all these posts about him ruining their culture, and that hes too selfish of a player to work.. that is the real concerning issue, that these people really thought Harden would be a negative asset to the heat. You can find the same with Boston.
But Tilman wants use to believe it.
yessir i believe it philly is dumb as bricks for not offering more
That's because people believe what they want to believe
Morey is all about winning though. He doesn’t overpay (cept for the Russ trade which he didn’t want )m

Not that Maxey makes it an overpay but you get what I mean
It possible he just wanted to drive up the price the nets would have to pay?
Wasn’t the Philly deal done and tilman fucked Philly over out of spite?
https://www.cbssports.com/nba/news/76ers-were-so-sure-of-james-harden-deal-that-ben-simmons-was-told-to-expect-a-trade-per-report/

It's never been explicitly stated that Maxey was offered but there are plenty of reports suggesting Sixers were working on giving up draft compensation and were willing to include him as a last resort. Rockets never called back with a counter offer after the Nets offer and pulled the trigger before the Sixers could even respond. They never negotiated in good faith.

Regardless of whether you wanna believe those reports, Simmons plus a a pick or two is def better than the Nets package. It isn't Philly's fault the Rockets' owner is a bell end.

Edit: Also most of you jokers are missing the fact that two of those pick swaps Houston got are owned by OKC. So the Rockets effectively got 6 picks which aren't even guaranteed to be good. Rockets don't own any of their picks for the next 5 years and are going to be tanking. Instead of taking a franchise player, they chose to have a chance at drafting a franchise player. The Rockets owner sold the fans a dream and they bought it.
you guys are the first seed but better watch out for the nets because they're on a 6 game win streak without KD. Also i'd imagine philly would have the 1st seed locked up if they had Harden and you philly fans don't deserve him because i remember a lot of fans not willing to give up simmons for harden
LOL bro you're boasting the 1st seed like you wouldn't be the 5th seed in the west. You guys have had a cake walk schedule and are closer to the 3rd-4th best team in the east. With Harden y'all would've been instant favorites to get out the east. As it stands it wouldn't be surprising at all if y'all get bounced in the 2nd round or even the 1st if y'all fall in the standings and get a bad matchup.
Bruh being the 1st seed in the regular season literally means nothing especially when the Nets have had their big 3 together for a total of 7 games and are still right there
LMFAOOO
Can you imagine not making that move to keep BEN SIMMONS 😂
Ah. I thought they were open to moving him at one point.
Because of KG
Ahh that sounds horrendous. I tuned in towards the end and while the jump and timeout were a little questionable, they seemed like ok calls. But draymond getting angry to the point of 2 T's makes a little more sense now I guess.
The A in DeAndre is capitalized. It's DAJ, the same as it's LBJ for LeBron.
Loosely it is. I've seen that letters used for him before
I’m keeping receipts 👀 we’ll see what happens come playoff time. Apparently my comments aren’t popular here and that’s ok, i probably came off wrong. I just don’t believe in this Nets squad yet. Respect to you for having a good basketball discussion tho, people just wanna clown others for their own takes which is lame to me but hey, whatever floats their boat. 🤷
Screening is when a defender is coming to you, Jeff Green hasn't even move his 1st step yet when Bev throws his shoulder at him and you think it's not foul? lmao seriously?
Still a stupid challenge though
Remember that game he injured Jeff Greene for no reason and they lost a needed challenge off of it?
You right bro my bad, how about as good as the game in the playoffs last year where we beat y’all and he went after Jamal’s knee? 🙂
Smart of the leagues, so people can blame the coach for having spend the challenge instead of focusing on the horrible job by the refs.
Well now we're debating a massive fundamental rule change in a comment chain that started by calling Ty Lue a dumbass for an asinine challenge.
> that’s not a foul

> typical illegal pick

???
PG-19
Yeah, he said miracle tip as if that’s the reason the Clips lost.
Lol. I don’t think about you at all. I’ve called you out in only two Nets threads today talking shit cause I recognized your name from Lebron/ Lakers threads. It’s okay. Desperate times call for desperate measures. Good luck with your team bud.
True. If I were Ty Lue I’d never listen to Pat Bev when he calls for the challenge flag.
Nah he was answering KD that was talking trash.
It was illegal but it's just that illegal screens are rarely called in the NBA.
Honestly you seem biased as well. I'm saying there's clearly a pattern with Patrick Beverly. If plenty of players shove and pull like Pat Bev all game as well they'd sure as fuck be more mild altercations in the NBA, but for some reason it's always Beverly in the middle of these. Harden is like the most mild mannered dude on the court, and that Bev foul is the first time I've seen him aggravated. Like if you run into an asshole once, it happens you ran into an asshole, but if you run into assholes all day, you're probably an asshole. PatBev is an asshole. He's constantly antagonizing and doing borderline dirty shit, he's been involved in more player injuries than any other player I can think of. It's not just a coincidence.

With the screen yea it didn't look like he was trying to injure him or something, but with Beverly, who has shown he'll dive at peoples knees with zero remorse, why wouldn't I think he put a little extra into a blindside screen just because that's how he plays.
You just go around subs dick riding Pat Bev? You’re cringe
Lol as if Bev isn’t a bonafide flopper himself
maaaan yall couldve challenge that flop but wait instead....


yall wasted it on a dirty, illegal screen by pat bev. yea keep defending, hes the reason the clippers lost tn. just lmfao
Lol we didn't have KD. But keep on bitching all you want.
I don't really care about the context of the game tbh, the state of the reffing is a big issue that is driving people away from the sport (and I don't blame them).
harden definitely didn't pioneer flopping lol. perfected it, maybe
Yea, shits weird to me too. Always has been DJ
I’ve always called him DAJ
Clark is an easy name to remember too
I mean I don't know you but you kinda do seem like a fucking moron... You're literally in every single Nets thread since the inception of the season shit talking the Nets and making terrible takes...

You're obsessed man, you know you don't HAVE to watch Nets games right...
Ok nephew
Flopping is a way to trick a referee into giving a team free Throws / possession. A player flopping is them trying to gain a competitive edge. The onus falls on the referees to be able to tell the difference between an actual foul and a flop
If Harden's flopping makes him Hitler then Trae Young is literally Satan.
It's interesting the narrative that the 3 things he's known for has MASSIVELY changed since he's gone to the Nets. Mediaheads, casual fans, basketball twitter are like wow Harden actually doesn't really flop that much and he might be one of the best playmakers of his generation.

I do wonder if (BIG IF) the Nets go all the way this year how different Harden's legacy will be and people who claim that all he does is flop way more than other players are looked at like stupid casuals who don't even watch him play (which is starting to become the norm, sure in this thread it's a full on hate boner for Harden, but in most threads when people repeat the tired narrative they're just downvoted and asked if they even watch Harden play).

And just for shits and giggles, Young, Lowry, Smart, Lillard, Luka, PatBev, Wagner are some players who flop as much or more than Harden. Maybe not peak Rockets Harden from 2 years ago. But Harden for the last season and a half has not been a prolific flopper.
No argument ✅

Ad Hominem time 😎
Cry more 😭😭😭😂😂😂😂😂😂
I mean the nets already beat the clips with PG and Kawhi being healthy so that's kinda of a moot point.  The clippers havent been able to beat the nets with only 2 stars let alone all 3.
Man you're really clinging to moral victories aren't you?
The Hardenest Road
It’s not misleading. The nets played better on the road than every team they faced, many of whom are having good seasons, and did it without our best player. And I already showed why your two arguments are dumb cause injuries and refs went against the nets as well. We won every game cause we outplayed each team. Simply put.
- Andrew Bynum
Lmao idk why this made me crack up
What does the NBA mean to you?
God I love Joe Harris.
He's legitimately the fourth star imo.
He was. Tilman forced the westbrook deal and told Morey to shut up and listen. Also rumor is Tilman forced Morey to babysit his idiot son who's now our shadow GM.
It's narratives. You search Gobert and you might also find overpaid, not worth max. Google will show you what will stir up the most debate. Pat Riley has worked with multiple superstars and youngsters. I'm sure he wouldn't pass up on Harden unless the trade value was astronomical.

Boston I don't know what to make of. They would definitely want Brown or Tatum.
Offered more? Their offer without Maxey was already definitively better than the trash offer the Nets gave. I sometimes wonder if Rockets fans who argue about this are actually shills paid by Fertitta.
im not sure whats real or not. but i do believe that philly didnt offer a real godfather package to secure harden. The reports even with maxey don't seem to be the type of offer where they put everything on the table. 

And theres nothing wrong with that, but i do think if they really wanted harden and wanted to go all in with embiid it might've been there.
With no shame either

It's always annoying seeing people pretend like dumb things like this were actually the case just because it's more entertaining for them to believe so
> Regardless of whether you wanna believe those reports, Simmons plus a a pick or two is def better than the Nets package. It isn't Philly's fault the Rockets' owner is a bell end

100% agree on this at least. Rockets were completely fleeced in that deal and I was baffled at the reaction on this sub celebrating that return.
I literally have never stated we are the best team in the league, the West is definitely superior. However, we are only competing against Eastern conference teams until the finals which is why my comparison is appropriate. Furthermore, I can definitely understand people putting the Nets above us, but which other teams do you see that are clearly better than us in the East? I am genuinely intrigued.
Lmao it’s almost like they were going to trade Simmons and told his agent as much and then the rockets were just jerking the sixers around to get the Nets to offer more.
Worse. They were fine with losing Simmons. It was because the Rockets wanted Tyrese Maxey too.
they were, those 2 are wrong
yeah i just remembered another one where oubre tried to save the ball but passed it when his feet went out of bounds

it was an awful game to watch, from the refs to the play. Hornets didn't practice for a week and the warriors were on the second night of a back to back on the road. it was ugly
It is a foul, sure, but as he said this happens every game many times and is a no call 80% of the times. Nobody wants to see Green go down, but if it wasn't Bev nobody would bat an eye.
That's true, our staff have not really been good with their challenges this season.
Nuggets did beat the Clips in the playoffs. That has nothing to do with whether or not Bev played well today
It’s almost uncanny how the people who make the stupidest comments have the douchiest usernames.
You know what he means, it may be a foul, but most often not called.
Well, the game was tied. 

Then the DJ tip happened. 

Then the very questionable offensive foul happened. 

Then the game ended. 

I think you can reasonably say we lost the game due to the tip lmfao.
So you couldn’t find a single comment and now resort to personal attacks because you don’t want to admit how obsessed you are with me, cool got it
This is my whole point. If you’re going to call Bevs screen here you need to call it every time. Can’t let games or runs be altered because of picking and choosing your spots to call these types of things. The outrage and controversy is solely around the fact it’s Bev.
I'd like you to point out how he seems "biased as well", because you go to length to express your bias, but I don't see his? 

This was a mildly illegal screen that often are not called, it's sad to see Green go down, but nothing malicious about it. Bev is no asshole, he gives his all 120% which means he's sometimes a bit too eager for his own (and others good) but he's not malicious in any way. But he has the narrative against him, so people are biased and and he is again and again the headline of some bad news  that we would never hear about if it wasn't Bev. Your bias judges him and next time this judgement will be a part of your bias.
Lmao nah bro, I stay in my own sub. You're the one who felt the need to come to clippers sub lol
nope. he ain't. he's a fouler, fine. not a flopper. harden is the fucKing of flops
lol they're so angry. They're always so angry. 3-1.
Haha, sure let's blame the other team when a player flops and the refs award it. Btw. Bev is playing great, this team is better because of him.
he was one of the pioneers, manu before him, and many others. But similar to curry with 3pt shooting harden was one of the first guys to really use the rule book to get a lot of fouls and to embelish calls with the head snapback. i love harden but i do think its true he was one of the best at this. but now literally everyone is doing it.
Where does the A come from? Andre is part of his first name. This is the first time I've ever seen him referred to as something other than DJ.
What are some of my terrible takes? That flopping is bad? That being tribalist is bad?

You're the one who seems like a fucking moron.
Yeah it falls on the refs to call it correctly, but if you're a player whose game relies on those bail outs from the refs then don't get mad when people don't respect your game. 

It's okay to criticize both parties.
W ✅
no, i'll take the win. thx hahahahahahahahah
Whatever makes you feel better lol I hope we see you guys in the finals and everyone is healthy
He's not a star, but I would say he's one of the most important (and one of the best) role players in league
I absolutely hate when people go "and they didnt wanna trade maxey lmaoooo." Like nah bro, the Rockets negotiated in bad faith and were never gonna make a deal with the Sixers. They could've included Maxey as well and Rockets would've ended up asking more.
If your goal is to maximize your return then yes, rockets fucked up bad. If you just wanted to get revenge on a former employee who joined another team by denying that team a championship, it was a pretty successful move. 

Realistically, rockets are not that much better off even if they have simmons, they are not winning a title even if they get simmons and build around him. They'd be a middle of the road team with the assets they have now or whatever they can flip them for including simmons. Maybe did't get as much return as possible, but in the grand scheme of things, probably didn't matter too much. And by that I mean team is still making money for the owner and championship banner is nowhere in sight.
You're right my dude, that west comment was uncalled for. In my opinion, I believe the Bucks can beat you in a 7 game series and by seasons end I would say it will be a toss up in a series between you guys and TOR or Boston (if they can get their shit together).  I have not been following the heat this season so I cannot comment on them but they went to the finals last year with the same personal and I know they've been hampered with covid and injuries so who knows.
No, you lost the game because you didn’t play good enough
You lost because they are better and didn’t have KD.
“Putting aside KD being a bitch” - direct quote from you. Good luck bud
Okay narrative aside, why is it always PatBev in the headlines for being too aggressive and hurting other players? Why is it always him getting into altercations with other players? Why is he the player other guys are asked about in post game interviews? Sure there's a bias and a stigma that's attached to him because of a bunch of unfortunate injuries that he recklessly caused, but it's not biased to see that's he's involved in a ton of borderline dirty events that really have no reason to occur on the basketball court.
[Pat Bev ain’t no flopper](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=O18j1Qhvj9M)
Sure worked last night huh
Same reason people say LBJ instead of LJ
>Harden is the most coddled player in the NBA. Nobody gets away with more fouls on others while having more fouls called for him. Even Trae doesn't get away with his defensive fouls.

You've continually called the Nets the worst defense since the Harden trade, because you've confused points given up with defensive rating.

You've continuously bashed on Harden despite his monster performances night in and night out (how much did you jizz yourself when you watched Harden baiting that offensive foul on Kawhi, knowing that r/nba would have a full on hate boner for him tonight).

Honestly, it seems like you just hate Harden with every fiber of your being.  Is your mom a stripper he didn't tip or something. I honestly don't know how well the Nets will do this post-season, but I really really do hope Harden gets a FMVP before Steph, because I cant even imagine how you'd cope with that happening.
8v5 ✅
Refs 🍆✊🥵you 

😂😂😂😂
I get what you're saying. I meant it in the sense that in Nets fans hearts he is our fourth star.

But yeah I firmly believe that Harris would be the top role player in any system, he just slides in effortlessly.
Lol even ignoring the entire premise of shooting yourself in the foot to stick it to a former employer, which screams so much "own the libs" energy btw, it is a bad move in every sense of the word. 

Ain't nobody paying to watch the Rockets for the next couple of years at the least. Harden took them to the playoffs for 8 consecutive years and they still had trouble filling seats. Imagine a roster which won't even sniff playoffs for the foreseeable future. Tillman's not gonna make any money from ticket sales or game day revenue. If he had a player like Simmons, a couple of decent FA signings would easily put them in playoff contention. All the while OKC gonna be salivating watching this shit show because they own all their picks for the next 5 years. Rockets have 0 incentive to tank. But yeah ruining your franchise just to stick it to the guy who was the reason your franchise was relevant in the first place must be totally worth it. 

The only silver lining I see in this is that Fertitta is gonna be forced to sell the team because of his stupid decisions.
Fair enough, appreciate the response!
Wait so calling him out for leaving a friend outside the club is shit talking? Sorry I don’t gargle him no matter what, guess that’s only for true fans like you 


Thanks
Now that is the problem, thinking that you can put narrative aside and use the amount of headlines and interview questions as the argument. Do not tell me that this clip would have been posted 3 times and voted to the top in here if it had been another player on another team. You cannot use the amount of dirty events as evidence to his guilt and then put add this to the pile of events.
Now you're just trolling. He played fine, got called for a hard screen that often aren't called, but that's how it goes, no team come through the season undefeated.
Harden is the most coddled player in the NBA though... Like who else is even in the conversation?
how old are you lol
bruh, so you do know, if james harden contender rockets can't get people to watch, why would anyone pay to watch rockets with simmons when everyone knows it's going to be a second round exit team in the west at best.

it also doesn't matter who you are the tickets aren't being sold with the covid situation now, and nobody really knows how long it will last.

rockets isn't tanking to win championships, they just being a NBA team. that is how a lot of team operates its just that people don't state it publicly. at most a couple of team will contend, and one champions is crowned every season. you need luck and a lot of money to be contender consistently, a lot of teams are happy to not go that route unless they happen to have a top 5 talent. It doesn't make as much money as winning championships, but it is very stable income as long as the league is doing well.
> Do not tell me that this clip would have been posted 3 times and voted to the top in here if it had been another player on another team 

Every time a player hurts another player, even unintentionally, causing the guy to be on the floor for a while it's gonna be highly upvoted and talked about.

> You cannot use the amount of dirty events as evidence to his guilt and then put add this to the pile of events.

Uhh... Yes you can. If someone keeps on being an asshole, he no longer gets the benefit of the doubt. I remember distinctly there was a play in the 2016 Finals, where Kyrie fouls Dray and while he's getting fouled he kicks his leg as high as he can and he comes dangerously close to kicking Kyrie in the nuts. Any other player I'd think, damn dudes out of control, for Dray, during that post-season run, I 100% thought, wow Dray tried to kick Kyrie in the balls. PatBev KEEPS ON BEING IN DANGEROUS PLAYS. It's not a narrative. It just keeps on happening. He plays reckless. Maybe he's not dirty, but he definitely doesn't give a fuck if opposing players get hurt due to his, lets say, over-exuberance. Like how do you explain this (https://streamable.com/abxu4l), fine, it's all a narrative being pushed about PatBev, but what kind of asshole mocks another player injury literally RIGHT after he leaves the court.
The only thing that statement proves is that you don't watch him play
First, every fucking superstar in the NBA is "coddled", and by coddled I assume you mean get away with the most fouls, get the most calls, and are allowed to yell at the refs, except imo, Steph and Kyrie.

Draymond gets to yell at every ref until he's red in the face for like 5 years and they finally gave him a double tech for it last night. LeBron will shout and 1 before any lay up attempt, will act like he never committed a foul, and when he doesn't get calls, straight up doesn't run back on defense. Luka is Harden-lite with how he hooks defenders and draws contact. Embiid leads the league in FTs, because every time he shoots an off balanced jumper it's automatic free throws. Trae hurls himself backwards at defenders to get calls. Giannis is literally always either offensive fouling or gettin fouled, but you cant blow the whistle every play so he gets away with a ton. Lowry flops on both ends of the floor with zero abandon, yes he's great at taking charges, but if you actually watch some of his charges he's legit pulling down on players when he goes down on like half of them. Lillards gets calls both in the paint and when he feels even a whiff of contact when he runs past a screen and the screener pushes his defender into him. And then you have the defensive stars who get way better treatment, I straight up saw PG and Kawhi push screens away without getting called for it. Guys like Simmons, Lowry, FVV, PatBev, Smart are allowed to hand check in this era for some reason.

I'm not saying Harden doesn't get calls or doesn't gets favorable treatment, I'm saying literally almost every NBA superstar does, and to think the refs all just gathered and decided "Harden's our favorite!" is just silly.
Whole ass orgy in session today huh 🥵✊🍆😂😂😂
Just being a playoff team brings a lot of revenue as opposed to being a tank contender. A first or second round exit in the West is nothing to scoff at. I know this a lot of casual fans are enamored with the championship or bust mentality but real fans would just be happy with their team competing every year. I don't even know why you're still arguing about this. 

Do you think it's a good idea to tank for 3 years just to stick it to your former employee? It would make some sense if they owned their picks but there's literally 0 advantage other than Tillman expending his "owning the libs" energy.
I would say, plays reckless caused by his over-exuberance, is probably not far off.

And with that clip you just assumes he is mocking Green, again condemnin on the basis of the bias. If he were really being such a jerk, do you really think we wouldn't have seen a reaction from Kyrie?
There’s more to being coddled than just yelling at refs. Harden has been flopping for YEARS and refs still give him extremely lenient foul calls. Further, he is constantly fouling players on the perimeter. If anybody else does what he does (and a few others like Pat Bev) then they get called. The level of preferential treatment Harden gets from the officials is simply unprecedented.
yeh u a weirdo im sorry i even got involved lol
Holy shit are you really trying to say he wasn't mocking Green. What do you think he's doing then, honest question, I want to hear from someone whose so blinded by their fandom they're trying to spin this. And Kyrie is the most mellow dude in the league, half the time he makes insane lay ups on the court, he looks half interested. Also most players in the league know that Bev is a certified asshole whose just trying to get a reaction, and Kyrie appropriately ignored him.

Yea, I'm done talking with you. Sure the narrative and bias against PatBev is a lot, but it's clear he's also an asshole, and I truly wonder how you'd feel if he was another team and his "over-exuberance" injured one of your players on a routine back screen. Would you just say, damn bias making PatBev injure a Clipper, he normally never does something like that, but the media narrative made him run into Kawhi's degenerative knees.

The entire nba fan base didn't up and decide one day that they'll label Beverly as dirty and unlikable, repeated incidents of Beverly injuring players and playing with reckless abandon with zero remorse have gotten him labelled as such.
The entire NBA has been flopping for years. Every great SG has baited contact like there's no tomorrow. Harden-DWade-Ginobili-Kobe-even fucking MJ, look at how many FT's these guys averaged, and for MJ not every team he played were the Knicks or the Pistons, so he got A LOT of soft foul calls as well.

Yea I think this is the last I'm gonna talk to you about the Nets or Harden you are incredibly biased if you actually think it's unprecedented and you clearly just hate him (I don't understand this level of animosity for anyone, it's literally just basketball). I've seen and avoided you in every Nets PGT so far, and I should've just stuck to that. Also, it's hilarious you think he constantly fouls players on the perimeter, my one knack on Harden is he rarely plays full effort perimeter defense, he plays great post defense, but on the perimeter, he'll give a half hearted close out, or he'll let guys beat him to get the steal from behind. Either way, good night dude, hope the Warriors and Steph makes the playoffs.
No, like you, they got themself worked up over the years over clips and headlines like this.

Injuries happen every day, hell, how often are players not injured when scrimmaging at practice? If you played you know that accidents happen, and yes sometimes more often around over-exuberant players. That can be annoying. But there is a great difference between that and ill intent.

And no, Kyrie did not ignore him, clearly Kyrie talked to Bev, and Bev's answer is what you see in the clip. What was going on between them I do not know, I'll admit that. If he mocked Green he's an ass, but I am not condemning on the basis of this
No, they haven’t. Not like Harden.

There are players like Trae and Smart that flop, but nobody in NBA history is more prolific for flopping than Harden. You know this.

If you think the entire NBA is doing what he does, then you’re crazy.
This was one of the most predictable 18 point comebacks you’ll ever see.

Also Deandre Jordan is a great tank commander. The only problem is that the Nets are trying to win games
Okay DeAndre Jordan definitely needs to stop playing.

The Nets getting off to these terrible starts is mainly on him.

He was a -16 this game. Claxton was +19 and Blake was +23.
THE HOUSTON ROCKETS ARE STILL THE ONLY TEAM JAMES EDWARD HARDEN JR. HAS NOT SCORED 30 POINTS AGAINST!

(He has scored 40 or more against every other team)
Joe is the real easy money sniper
Blake absolutely dominated the last 5 minutes of this game, holy shit.

8 points

2 assists 

3 rebounds 

1 steal 

Good defense on Wood
The Blake + Claxton combo is so fun to watch
Claxton was really the driving force behind that 19-2 clutch-time takeover. Seemed like he made an impact on every single possession for a few minutes
Nicolas Claxton is the best center in the NBA.
Nic Claxton took over for a stretch and that was that. Blake played great, Kyrie was amazing and is an excellent passer when he wants to be. 

Solid win, hope James Harden isn’t too roughed up
The Nets announcers were just sounding out every possible pun on wood they could lmao.
Solid tank loss, competitive enough to be entertaining while still coming away with the L
Complete blowout the whole way, the Rockets were never even close to touching us. No need to check the box score.
#1 SEEED

It’s the NetsWorld and we’re just living in it
Blake is so good lol
Tank rolls on 🚀🚀 shoutout to KPJ for a nice performance 🤘🏽
First time the Nets have sole possession of first place in the East in *18 years*

I am 21 years old, about to turn 22

Been waiting my whole life for this. No one hating on a super team can take this away

Basketball is GREAT!
Calling /u/vinceole, You have some dick to suck. 

https://imgur.com/a/lclO2da
Blake-Claxton is our best 4/5 combination by far, and Claxton needs more minutes consistently
This game proves that Joe Harris is the most important piece outside of the big 3.. unreal game from Joey Buckets
Blake dropping clutch threes like dunks over the hood of a KIA
Rockets scored 42 in the first quarter and 40 in the second half.
down 10 to up 15 in a quarter... without your two best players.. the fuck
I swear we choke every game on purpose. There’s no other way. Hope Harden recovers.
It was weird but this was the most confident I ever felt being down by almost 20.  I just knew we would win, and it happened
Blake Griffin might not be a starter, but he definitely deserves to close out games.
Blake Griffin was beautiful tonight
TAKE MY HAMSTRING JAMES HARDEN
What was that run at the end? Like a 25-5 run by the Nets to close it?
If you need any more evidence +/- is a garbage stat...TLC was +4 🤣🤣
The Nets outscored the Rockets 49-26 **AFTER** Harden left the game.
Imagine not watching the game and just seeing the score and thinking a double digit victory sounded about right.  Watching the game was a different story
Nets only do blowouts in the 4th quarter
Clax just sent Woods to prison
This game was annoying and ridiculous. GG rocket bros. I never want to talk bout this again......
God i dont care how bad LMA is on d, he cant possibly be worst then DJ
GG Rockets! I thought ya’ll had it. If it’s any consolation y’all look way better with KPJ + the younger lineup. Feels like a much more solid direction for you guys. Cheers!
PF Joey went crazy tonight
This is the first time the Nets have had the #1 seed since April 2003
Harden, please take my hamstring. 🙏🏻
Blake Griffin +23. He's just trying to play winning basketball as a Net
Blake Griffin pretty much won this game. Dude was good defensively when I was watchin and had good shots. 

If he can just knock down open 3s he's going to be a damn good role player :)
hope harden is ok and he doesnt have same injury as KD
Claxton and Harris absolutely took over down the stretch there, they’re both so underrated. Blake has also been really good for Brooklyn, already affecting the results of games
1st seed nets? Looks like we might want to keep that 6th seed for playoff.

Looks like we are gonna see Bucks in the first round this year...
Hope harden is okay
Goodbye, 1-seed.
Kyrie is so underrated solely because people want harden to win mvp
Down 18 at one point, what a comeback
Hope Harden gets better soon too.
DJ -16 and Claxton and Griffin at +19 and +23 tonight.  Hopefully Harden is fine.
Please never play again DAJ. Please be okay Harden. Please pray to Joey Buckets, Clax Daddy, and Effort Blake
[deleted]
Man, Griffin sucks!
If Blake is able to playmake like that (which to be fair he's been able to do for years, it's not new) as like the fourth option on the floor at any given time, that's going to be a huge boon to the bench.
Our big rotation needs to be the Alchemist, Blake, LMA, and Uncle Jeff. Deandre's ass needs to GTFO.
Meh. We looked pretty good for 3 quarters and then we fired up the tank.  Hope Harden is ok.

*Also Olynyk has been really good for us. He keeps playing like this and he gonna get paid this offseason. Probably not by us though with our cheap fuck owner.
Deandre -16 in 12 mins lmfaooooo what an asshole

Claxton +19 in 20

nothing to see here
R.I.P the first seed. TEMPORARLY

#EMBEASTCOMMINGFORYOU
Lol nba players are definitely aware of betting spreads its obvious
It was only a matter of time. Goodbye sweet 1 seed
That 18 point lead didn’t last long, also Avery bradley is cheeks, no idea why he played so long😐
BLAXTON was so good at the end. Unbeatable duo
Hot cup of Joe!
Rest of the league quickly catching on to how good Claxton is. He might just be the most irreplaceable guy on the team right now.
Rockets fans grumbling about why they didn’t ask for Claxton ...
I didn’t catch the game why did harden only play 26 mins
They won with the mvp getting injured too
*an 18 point comeback
ah so thats why the commentating has been better. mark hsant spoken in quite a bit. probably angry that the other guy kept interrupting him
Jordan refuses to leave the paint and I think is the key cog to the Nets defensive woes. If teams have a lethal shooting big or ball handler then everyone eating with DJ on the floor
The Rockets are flexing they can win the game but decided to tank instead
[removed]
lmao great comment
Thunder probably looking at DJ like [this](https://i.imgflip.com/1x0up9.jpg) . Al Horford too good for the tank smh.
Yeah we were letting joe and kyrie have a shooting drill in the first quarter lol
Once Aldridge starts playing Deandre is going to be like the 5th best center on the team while having the highest salary
There is literally no reason to play him other than his relationship with KD and Kyrie
Moral Victory!
He's saving it for the Finals
He's score 40 or more against every other team? That's fucking nuts.
Silas is a coward, but it's good for Brooklyn to get some zone reps before the playoffs
Him and steph i think its going in every time and am completely shocked when it doesn't
No
2-3 on threes as well, if he can spread the floor his role will become very defined bc he can guard some of the bigger guys that Green cannot
It’s fun watching them learn how to play with each other too. They compliment each other too well
Tried telling people Kyrie isn't a below average passer in the least, but they had a narrative to pursue back then. He's a great point guard too actually.
Ian Eagle has A+ puns every game, I’m 100% positive all he does when he’s done calling a game is study the next game for puns
lol “Wood got hammered” Ian Eagles puns are legendary
Bird loves his puns and we all love him for that. Everyone else is great too, but bird man is best man
nets announcers my favorite right now in the nba. these guys just crack puns and jokes the whole time
That's Ian Eagle the GOAT for you.
Also Danuel House's last second 3 after the Nets run out the shot clock lmao.
Well I mean what do you expect from a team with Harden, Kyrie, and KD?

...what do you mean KD ain’t playing?

...what do you mean Kyrie’s missed 15 games?
On the backs of Joe Harris and Nick Claxton, just as everyone expected
Took awhile

Edit: lmao downvoting for banter. Why all the defensive mfs go to the PGT’s 😂
Top 4 pick here we come
amen brother, this is our moment
W
I feel you bro. Soak in the moment
Fat W
Btw, not sure if you're a Mets fan too, but if you are we just signed Lindor too. What a fucking day!!
Was that the year they lost to the Spurs in 6? I remember that year pretty well. Kidd's second year on the team (back to back finals his first two years). I graduated college and the Devils won the Stanley Cup. Good times.
Dear diary
I looked at his comment history. I think this man just wants to suck dick.
lmao screenshotted too
That man acting like he doesn't want to but we all know he was excited watching that comeback
That sounds wrong
Claxton is up there too. He's the only one on the whole team that's good at defense and can guard any position
I like a good cup of joe
dont forget that 3 point play.
And your third best player only scored 2 points in that quarter
Same but when they said harden was out rest of the game I got a little worried
I mean it's the Rockets. They even blow 20 pt leads to the Wolves.
Him paired with Clax is a lethal combo
Overall it’s not bad but on a single game basis it’s usually useless lol
He has one job (make wide open 3's) and he's completely terrible at it
The Claxton effect
Wont be long
For real
Real shit
Honestly not the worst long term out come for us to stay competitive until the 4th and then give up a big run and lose.
Hope Charlotte helps us out tomorrow night
got hurt, hamstring tightness
Seems like ur hoping your fantasy comes true. Lol hater.
Horford for DJ swap would have been good probably
~~Moral~~ Morey Victory!
Holdup
? Harden left the game in the 3rd due to injury
Yes
complement is to go well with someone else, compliment is to say something nice about someone else
I would put LeBron and Harden as the top tier passers, pretty much in their own tier. You can argue CP3 as well, Rondo sometimes, but I think those two are in the next tier with Curry and Kyrie. Jokic is a weird spot where I'm not sure where to put him, he might be in either of those two tiers or the next one. He's also not a point guard, but I guess neither is Lebron.
Griffin chipped Wood was so good.
What do you mean Harden sat out most of the 4th Quarter. 



FIIIIIRST PLAACE. 



**BROOOOOOOOOOOKLYN**
And harden missed half of this game and we were down when he left
Original comment was fair game, but lol how can you can call someone defensive when you're whining about votes on a comment two minutes after posting it?
Lol your entire fan base has been talking shit all this time and now you are mad at downvotes???
Yeah the team hasn’t been healthy all year, but we still got it
Yankees fan but I like when the Mets do well, it’s fun when the city is taken over by baseball. Happy for y’all with Lindor!
Yeah that was the Spurs year after losing to the Lakers the year before. NJ sports were awesome before I was aware of them! Thankfully the Giants and Yankees have titles I can remember haha
Hilarious coming from a Dubs fan
And i guess we... Want to see it?
He might be my least favourite player in the league, maybe Cedi Osman. 3-D wings with no 3 and no D, just chucking up ugly bricks every game.
Hope the Sexland helps *us* tomorrow.
Holy shit that makes perfect sense, salary would just be a real big problem
No. Don't. 

Keep going...
Well maybe they are complimenting each other as well!
Some of Jokic's passes are unreal. I would put him in the LeBron tier.
The entire fourth. Came out half way through the third.
I mean it’s the Rockets tho

Harris would be the best player in the Rockets lol
Not whining. Just saying the sensitive dudes being the threads down. Don’t really care
Same here. Yankees fan but my mom and grandpa are Mets fans. I have fond memories of the Subway Series and I hope nothing but the best for the Mets this season.
Watch out or he’s gonna tell how important steph’s gravity is
Would he?
\> complains about sensitive dudes

\> whines about downvotes

Might be the pot calling the kettle black my guy
If you don't really care then why bring it up in the first place?
Alright 2nd to Wood, but availability is a factor lol.

I’d much rather have Harris than Wall though. KPJ I need to see more of, and need to see he can keep it together off the court too.
I forgot if you say anything on this sub it’s whining. Guess I should go cope more
Because I thought it needed to be said. I don’t have to be pressed to make a comment
You’re prolly overrating Harris, he’s just a role player.
...yeah sure
He’s an elite roleplayer though, and Wall is an active negative right now
Wall has been boo boo as off late but he’s still a solid playmaker and defender. He can create for others and himself 

Harris can’t create his own shot as well as Wall but he’s a much better shooter
welp this hurts

if we could get one more scorer (especially shooters) on this team off the trade deadline (in addition to when D Rose comes back), we'd be in better position to win games and not having to climb back from deficits but it was a good effort down to the final minute. Frank may have had 0 points and 6 fouls but his defense was what got us back in the game in the first place, hopefully we keep him (and not Elfrid Payton)
The most anticlimactic finish in a while...Knicks were willing that comeback into existence
15 minutes to get through the final 20 seconds. That was a hell of a comeback effort in the 2nd half by the Knicks but still, that ending took an eternity.
We wouldn't have even came back out at halftime not too long ago. Nets are a different beast but fuck me, we never went away all night. Proud as hell.
Harden on the good side of a Scott Foster call is different.
Harden continuing to amaze me with his offensive versatility. One of the only guys who could drop 70 or 20/20/20
Knicks fight hard every game respect to them they are fun to watch
I can't tell you how amazing it feels for my "We've gone down 10, so we're going to lose by 20" instinct to be wrong these days. Happy with what I'm seeing.

Also fuck these refs.
DeAndre should never play 14 more minutes than Claxton
Scott Foster was SMILING when Ju approached him wtf
Proud of my Knicks, we kept fighting and got this game to be a nail-biter. That said, let me warn everyone if you didn't know already: The Nets are terrifying. Harden is too good every possession seems like he's gonna score or get an assist and it all looks easy too easy for the great disciplined defense the Knicks were playing. Then Kyrie just keeps making these demoralizing impossible shots. When KD comes back it's a wrap.
I know we rightly rail on the refs, but it feels REALLY good to see all these different fans agreeing after that 4th quarter performance.
wtf was that
What’s the point of adding challenges and 10 reviews to the last 2 minutes of every game if a clear missed call of a one possession game with 5 seconds left just gets ignored. The league has some shit to figure out.
Sorry Knick Bros that was an ugly reffed game that could've went your way. Not proud of this win
NBA refs really can fuck up endings wow. Randle has every right to be pissed and did you see Scott Foster’s smirk??? Fuck him man
This was never supposed to be close, especially with our only playable bench player being Taj Gibson. Proud of the way they competed to make this a game. GG
[See you fuckers in the playoffs.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EKtC2kSWsAAHq1F.jpg)
they really hoed Julius
We really never stopped fighting till the end.

Dubious reffing aside, Harden and Kyrie are way too good. But I'm proud of my team for the defense and effort tonight.
Julius Randle should replace Andrew Cuomo
That was the grittiest fucking 40 seconds I've ever seen

Sucks that we lost, especially on that travel, but holy shit this is the proudest I've been to be a Knicks fan in a hot, hot minute

Great game
Knicks should come out with a vengeance tomorrow. Gg yall
nba refs are just absolute trash
JU GOT ROBBED
The Knicks almost did everything right at the end. That Randle out of bounds play wasn’t a good look anyway however. Sucks we didn’t get to see if he would make it anyway
That game was unnecessarily close.  Nets couldn't execute on offense while while Knicks were defending like mad men forcing jump balls and turnovers.  So unfortunate it ended with a bad call.
Fuck shit fuck shit fuck lol
Ain't no way Scott Foster making it outta New York unscathed
Fuck Scott Foster, all my homies hate Scott Foster

GG Nets
What a complete fucking shitshow of an ending. What the fuck was that? What's with Joe Harris and choking in these late game inbounds situations? 

Also, did I miss news or something, why is Bruce Brown like not playing anymore? He didn't get many minutes the last two games and then barely played in this one.
The Refs had money on this game.
GG Nets bros. Proud of this young team.
It sucks that players can't call out shitty refs without being fined. If the NBA isn't going to punish bad refs then they should at least let the players talk their shit
Bullshit ass refs. Fucking bums.
Ntilikina changed the game with his defense. The Knicks play really hard and Thibs tried almost everything to win the game. 

Shoutout to Julius Randle but it’s just a game. He doesn’t have to murder a ref lol
This game is the fucking reason why u should be able to keep your challenge if you win it smh. I was cheering for Harden and the Nets too
Tell me more about how the refs aren’t corrupt. (And I’m a Nets fan!)
Fuck Scott foster trend that
rigged i won't stay silent
Feels like an L
Why couldn't the "travel" be reviewed?
JULIUS SCREWED ON THE IDES OF MARCH
Good for Julius Randle. NBA officiating is a complete joke right now. Ruining the product of the game.
If New York win the challenge they should get it back then could have challenged that travel call, that is the most obvious thing in the world. 

NBA fix this ! That was a incredible ending and it was ruined for everyone except Nets fans.
having kyrie on your team is a fucking cheat code



fuck the refs tho
I wouldn't mind a Nets-Knicks first round matchup 🤔
Harden with the quietest 15+/15/15 game probably ever.
Scott Foster sucks ass.  The calls on Frank were absolutely awful, the 5th & 6th fouls were WTF.  His loss really cost them down the stretch as he was playing excellent perimeter D.  I'm proud of my team for the way they fought down the stretch; those traps were AMAZING.

While the Knicks aren't contenders the way the Nets are, I got the impression tonight that they are one or two players away.  The thing is, those players could be right here on our team in RJ & IQ.  It's not gonna happen overnight, and maybe not next season.  But, I feel as if they're on the precipice.  We as fans just need to stay patient and allow it to happen.
Fuck the refs
I mean, when are the Refs going to be held accountable?

Yes, even against the Lakers, shit is bad for the league
I'm so glad I tuned in to watch the refs make sure Brooklyn won this game.
Admirable job by the Knicks against Kyrie, Harden and the refs tn
We just looooooooove making it interesting
The Knicks are fun to watch, but [Kyrie Irving](https://imgur.com/a/EXCUk01) and the Nets are just too good. Imagine when KD comes back, damn.
Shameful ending by the refs. How disgusting. There was no travel there, Kyrie got the ball while Randle was shooting.
we out here playing 8 on 5 against the best team in the conference
We got fucking robbed he clearly touched the ball there complete HORSESHIT
Completely robbed of an actual ending by dumb fucking reffing
[deleted]
Huge game for us. This must give these young players the belief that we are a legit playoff team. No one plays as hard as us.
The ides of March and Julius having a bad time, name a more iconic duo
We ruin the game taking 20 minutes to waste time on reviews in the last few minutes just to see the game blown by a bad call in the end they don't review anyway.
Knicks are a feisty bunch but we shouldn't have given up that big lead we had. GG rivals
NOOO RANDLE! This game was fun. Harden is a beast.
Randle wanted to fight the ref at the end
Fuck the last 4 minutes of an NBA game. Fucking horseshit taking 25 minutes.
That game thread was toxic as hell
Refs bought and paid for
Amazing that the refs can take 30 minutes reviewing some minuscule bullshit through out the game but not something that actually decides the game.
Can't wait for Last Two Minute Report to make everything better! 

#
They should have a rules analyst like with the NFL to explain the call cause there have been multiple times in the last few weeks were the announcers don’t know the rules
We need this round one of the playoffs.
You can make complaints on officiating on nba's website.
Horseshit ending and even Nets fans have to admit they got a ton of favorable calls
Nets fans really in this thread after the refs handed them the game on multiple terrible calls saying how there was a random missed call on the knicks with 9 minjtes left in the 2nd Q and that evens things out.
Terrible finish after the refs actually did a good job in the end with jump ball calls.
[deleted]
That was a terrible call against the Knicks at the end
lol Scott Foster is so ass. How does he continue to be regarded as a good referee.
1.	Thibs out coached Nash

2.	 Knicks are dangerous but still raw and need more experience. 

3.	The nets need to get better in the clutch. If the knicks were a more experienced team they could have stole that game.
Fuck the nets. Love this Knicks team. Hate this all super star nets team. I have nothing else to say except I’ll be with the Knicks no matter how annoying their fans get, in this rivalry
nets have played like shit the last couple of games. Hard to keep up this level of play consistently, so somewhat understandable. Would be nice to get KD back in the near future, Harden is looking haggard. Maybe still shaking off the ATL strip club hangover from all star break
Nets bailed out by Scott Foster, Adam pls do something about these refs
KYIRE GOT THREE CALLS THAT WERE CLEARLY THE KNICKS. One the step on Frank’s foot. Two falling on himself. 3 touching randles shot and it being called up and down
I've lost all respect sorry this is absolutely rigged for money ... Or ratings in not sure which. I won't be silent. Just saw it live sry
Does Randle not know the rules? He maintained possession through Kyrie’s swipe
Damn bruh. Ending sucked but at least Knicks proving again we are very much a threat. Should have been a blow out but they pulled through and made it close
Refs need to be less involved overall. Fuck 'gettin the right call'; just get rid of reviews, challenges, etc. They go through all of this without even getting the right call anyway.
Fire these refs
Gotta say tho what an effort by the Knicks to come back at the end. Just goes to show how hard these guys play for Thibs and how much better they’ve gotten
Refs sucked
As much as hated the ending, they were down 7 with 20 seconds left and had a chance on the final possession, probably depressing as a player, but this game gave me hope as a fan
scott foster sucks
Why couldn’t the nba fucking review that
Joe Harris getting all the help from his super team and the refs, smh
we'll still take the win idc if it was lucky or not
If randle was still in control of the ball the whole time then isn't it still a travel
Chants of bullshit coming down in Barclays lol.
Mickey Mouse nets and the 3 blind mice. What a product the nba put together Lmaoooo. Knickstape!!!!!!
Fucking ROBBED
What a bail out job by the refs.
Refs worked overtime bailing the Nets down the stretch.
Nets getting saved by the refs
The Brooklyn Refs need multiple all stars/MVPs/3pt champions/DPOYs **and the refs** to win by only a couple of points.
Fuck Kyrie
Julius Randle got real mad there lmao 😂
Born and raised in NY and love seeing both teams actually playing well. Nets fan but what a terrible ending. 

I can't with knicks fans though...i want to be happy for them but the fans make it insufferable. Twitter blowing up with how the knicks are a small trade away from being contenders...give them an inch and they take a mile.

Edit: thanks for the downvotes. The knicks are finally respectable again and .500 so of course fans want to say competing against a contender in a regular season game who is btw missing its best player means they are just oh so close...I want to be happy as a NYer but you guys really do ruin it. Can't just enjoy watching your team play hard and compete without going overboard at the slight taste of success. 

Disagreeing with this absolutely wild take means I'm the one that's wrong. Let me tell you how many years I've heard my friends say  "just 1 small piece away" from competing...im 36 so I'd say 20 years? Sound right about?
Refs have been awful this season..
Bluest balls of the year. Randle called for up and down after the Knicks did every little thing right down the stretch to get a one possession game. Trap, force two time outs, foul overturned to a held ball, won two jump balls... and they blew the chance.
I missed a lot about being a relevant team

Getting screwed by Scott Foster in the last possession of a close ESPN game was not one of them.
Refs really botched this one
Talk about a robbery
That was such horseshi
The referees strike again. So hard to watch this sport when these clowns decide the games.
NBA REFS SOME FUCKING HOES
Fuck these refs for real.
Refs
I’m sure this will be a nice and civil thread
Rule 4, section VIII defines a held ball as "...when a defensive player touches the ball causing the offensive player to return to the floorwith the ball in his continuous possession which would result in a traveling violation."

Knicks fans are embarrassing, just be glad that you got close and take your L.
Shouldnt have come down to that play, refs botched that review. Burks hacked harris on the arm before he got his hands on the ball but since when the refs whistled the half second later he had his hands on ball.
Spike drove his ass all the way to Brooklyn to see Julius travel. HA
Kyrie Irving the chosen people of the refs
Randle had to go and act like a clown after playing a great game
That was a tough game.

Knicks, since you run NY, use this as motivation to stomp the 76ers tommorow so we can get that #1 seed tied. A king helps his people!!! GG
Reading this thread you’d think the Knicks won LOL. All this “so fucken proud of our squad boys” shit is so cringey.
sorry everyone! we fucked up! trying our best over here
Can't say we didn't fight, but it was definitely ugly.
That should have not been a close game
Both teams played great, shame the refs couldnt match them even halfway.
Can’t wait for the LTM report
good game by Foster.
[deleted]
never been much of a basketball fan but trying to get into it since I'm still stuck inside most of the time. feels like half the games i watch (which admittedly is not many) end with some referee chicanery
Playoffs first round anyone?
Any news on when KD will be coming back?

Trying to decide if its worth going to Nets v Lakers game in April which with cheapest tickets available being like $1k for 2 upper bowl.
this nets team really found their identity mid-season and now running away with it.
Wtf is harden.  Bad shooting night.  Still finishes with fucking 21/15/15
Nets were bad in the 4th but hey they keep getting wins but not been great since the break
Alright, so here’s my question: how the hell does a man go out and get a 24-point triple-double and still end up with a -3 plus/minus? Like, ELI5 if you have to.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Same old Knicks
All these Harden for MVP talk need to shut the fuck up. Give my boy Kyrie his due already!!!
[deleted]
showed how doodoo our bench was with Quickley in the starting lineup
It hurts but also proud of the team for giving the Nets everything they could handle
I've been spamming the trade simulator to find out how to get Duncan Robinson and won't quit until my 13 team trade makes sense.
How would you like 1 Eric Gordon or Danuel House
how about a gentley used oladipo?
Main thing for me is how ticky tack the last few Frank fouls were called in such a big rivalry game. Wanted the refs to just let them play and have it come down to the wire in a more open/free game style. 

Can’t have those deficits in the first half of the game if you wanna beat a team like this though but still glad we left it all out there in the 4th quarter.
Think Fournier would be a major scoring pickup in the deadline. He’d give exactly the punch we need off the bench. Trying to stop him and Burks if either got hot would be tough.
This team doesn't quit, i love this fucking squad so much
and of course Scott foster is there
Randle should've punted that ball into the fucking stands after Kyrie hit the first FT and then told Foster to go get it since he's not gonna make any calls with his fucking bitch ass. I would've contributed to pay his fine.
I've lost all respect sorry this is absolutely rigged for money... Or ratings in not sure which. I won't be silent . Just saw it live sry
But the refs said no

First the kawhi offensive foul, now this bullshit? The nba must be trying hard to make the nba in Brooklyn cool
To be fair, the refs had a hand in that comeback. I don't see many other refs not calling a foul on any number of those end game triple teams trying to force the steal.
Right? That’s what I love to see, especially when BK thinks they have an easy W in the bag. 

I was frustrated with the calls for sure—Randle one was actually just barely a travel I think cuz Kyrie touched the ball right before he left the ground but the Frank calls were soft af and he was helping us in the comeback—but overall, I still love the grit we showed. 

Can’t mess with us the way you could in the past.
Amazing how many calls the refs can manage to get wrong in 20 seconds
I think it’s bound take even longer if we the refs are going to be intervening 

Need to get calls  right
That was way better than I was expecting.  That "travel" was horseshit too.
The Nets are clearly on a whole different level, but at the same time I'm really happy with how hard and smart the team played.
i remember having alot of these moral victories when we were trying to change the culture. This is how it starts man.
Respect you guys played well, actually reminds me a lot like the Nets before this season, during our underdogs era, when we pretty much had to hustle, as the jokers of the league, against every top team to get to where we were.
All about the spread
so sad that we were blowing the jazz out a couple of years ago when harden had 54 points and 13 assists at the end of the 3rd quarter.  could have had a legendary stat line that night like 70/15.
>Harden continuing to amaze me with his offensive versatility. One of the only guys who could drop 70 or 20/20/20

We'll take the 20/20/20 on this team.
Ummm he's not dropping 50+ anytime soon.  Been slow and pudgy compared to past dominating years, and right now his shot is way off
Fought their ass off just to have these clown ass refs not give them a fair chance to possibly steal a victory. The refs ruined a potential epic comeback.
Yes fuck the refs but you guys are in good hands. Thibs knew exactly what to do and used his challenge and time outs very well. 

The good news is that the coach is ready for those situations. It’s just your players weren’t used to it and they took some bad shots.
Were you saying fuck the refs when a clear missed kick ball led to two and quickley hooked dj for 3 points ? Missed calls happen
I can just picture Embiid or Giannis dunking on DJ and the camera panning to Nash with a shocked expression in game 2 of a series
He’s a shady asshole, knows he’s a shady asshole, and embraces it. 

CP3 said he taunted him before a playoff game and I believe him: https://www.google.com/amp/s/thespun.com/nba/oklahoma-city-thunder/chris-paul-reveals-what-nba-referee-told-him-before-game-7/amp
Scott Foster doing what Scott Foster does best. Making sure the bookies get their cut.
A bunch of bullshit
You gotta get the viewers to turn it off early so they don't see you making the really bad blatantly missed calls
This was my exact point from the Thinking Basketball podcast. The dude at the NBA says the fans are okay with the reviews because they get the calls right. But here the Knicks have to waste their challenge on a clear held ball and then have to watch an obvious miscall end the game. It's such an awful system that never gets the calls that need to be corrected actually correct.
This is why I hate the review system. Slows the game to absolute crawl while only marginally improving the correctness of the reffing. This game was exhibit A: an endless review immediately followed by another missed call that mooted the whole thing anyway.
Give us a solution then ? People already complaining that the end of the game took too long (which I agree on). Do you want refs to review even more stuff for the game to last even longer ?
It wasn’t a missed foul. Randle never lost possession as he had two hands on the ball the whole way. It’s a travel.
It’s all good
The fact that he's still in the league is a black mark on the legitimacy of all NBA referees. There were dozens of calls between him and Donaghy.
Randle never lost possession. He had two hands on the ball the whole way. It’s a travel.
I did not see his smirk but I'll be looking for it on replays. And just gotta thank you for the honesty.
Dude your dumbass is a nets fan. It was a legit travel and the l2m only solidified it. The fact that foster smirk because Randal was acting like a knickerbocker is just funny.
Someone please put timbs and a fitted on him
we have 1 more game against them iirc
They gonna have KD in the playoffs and it’ll be gg
Yes please I really want that 2-7 matchup
Would love that honestly. I don't think the Knicks have a chance but it would be fun.
Nets in 4
That .500 flex
I was on my feet for the Knicks for the first time in longer than I'm willing to admit. I was pacing, screaming and jumping for a solid 20 minutes. Feels good!!
Smart moves by the Nets to sub in Scott Foster while Durant sits
He's playing with an injured finger. That might've been the reason.
Why pick on Joe Harris?  The exact same thing happened with James Harden a few moments before and no one criticized him.  It was a trap play and the Knicks did a good job getting hands on the ball for the jump.  Joe Harris didn't fuck up.
Never forget the investigation found 143 phone calls from Scott Foster to Tim Donaghy...
Honestly, how do those two reach ins turn into a jumpball
Every game is important for us lol we have a very difficult schedule.
To yall it's just a game, to us every single game counts to making the playoffs, especially with how brutal our schedule is. We don't have the luxury you guys do
Frank won the game for you with his 6 fouls
It wouldn't have gotten overturned.
That was atrocious reffing for all the fourth quarter.
doesn't feel great but at the end of the day it's just a pretty pointless regular season game. I wouldn't feel great if we won a game like this in the playoffs. We played like pure unadulterated dogshit in the 4th quarter
At least you had your third star, Scott Foster.
I want to beat the Knicks but not like that
Not really the Nets pretty much controlled the whole game and had bad execution in the last 2 minutes
Take it as an important lesson that some issues need to be addressed even though you guys are 2nd seed and favorites.
Because we already used our challenge on the last call Scott Foster got wrong
Because the Knicks already used their challenge like 10 seconds prior and got a foul turned into a jump ball.
2,065 years too soon.
Ehh, games are already pretty long, and I can already see how angry a fanbase would be if the opponent wins an iffy challenge and gets another one, and their team fails to win an iffy challenge so essentially they lose a time out and the opponent gets two challenges. Yea that's gonna result in a blood bath.
ootl but what's with all this face app stuff
Rule 4, section VIII defines a held ball as "...when a defensive player touches the ball causing the offensive player to return to the floorwith the ball in his continuous possession which would result in a traveling violation."

Knicks fans are embarrassing, just be glad that you got close and take your L.
it got touched by kyrie lol
Kyrie touched it
Kyrie clearly touched that
Yeah anyone asking for the refs to make two competent calls in less than 5 minutes just asking for disappointment.
Did you see our bench in the 1st half? They were complete ass, we lost like 10 points in 3 minutes
We have 2 injuries in Payton and Mitch, while Rose is on quarantine leave. Our bench is thin bruh
how tf can we have a bench when Payton, Rose, and Rivers are out. stfu with your hot takes.
The bench wasn't playing well so this doesn't make any sense
He's got to have some dirt on at least a few of the NBA owners. That's the only explanation that makes sense to me.
> The nets need to get better in the clutch. 

I think the nets are probably one of the better teams in the clutch.
appreciate you man
Harden trying to do to much passing. Once in a while I want to see him just take over a game
Should be jump ball in that case.
And this is why nobody likes your clown show franchise.
Scott Foster does his own thing.
dude that’s not kyries fault lmao
Kyrie wasn't the one that missed the call, he just played good D.
I think everyone that wants to win would get mad, otherwise, why even play hard?
You expect him to not get mad after being fucked over by the refs?
That ball was touched, I'd be pissed too.
wouldn’t you be?
Of course he did he got robbed of a call
Who was he going after at the end?
Rightfully so
Your “super team” just got saved by the refs against the knicks but yeah ig no clue why anyone would be mad

“😂😂😂”
GG dude
Born and raised in NY yet a fan of a Jersey team.
w
Section II.e.2 “A player may dribble a second time if he lost control of the ball because of:
an opponent touching the ball”
It’s dumb how every week a rant about how bad the refs are is triggered just because people don’t know the rules
Bro you had "Bullshit" chants AND "MVP" chants for Randle tonight, worry about your own "fans" lmao.
Lmao
More like have passion and realize he got screwed by the refs
He was wrong tho. If you don’t lose possession on the blocked shot it’s either a travel or jump ball. The touch by Kyrie wasn’t enough for a jump so it was a travel
I would guess a couple of weeks.

>$1k for 2 upper bowl.

To each their own but that's not worth it to me.
Bad shot selection but refs totally got it wrong
What you expect from the nets fan to say when there only allowed 1000 fans? No shit you gonna here it
The "same old Knicks" would've accepted a 20 point blowout by halftime. Focus on your own team please
Aww you tried it lmao
Not even close but lolknicks for that karma right?
Classic Knicks to come back from 18 points down to lose on the final possession against the best team in the NBA? Sure
Kyrie has been great.

Harden has been a lot better
Kyrie clearly hit that.
I really hope Leon Rose gets us a good deal before the trade deadline ends, our offense outside of Randle/RJ/Quickley is inconsistent and has cost us many losses (we're at the bottom of the league in terms of offense for a reason). We're gonna need to shore up our offense (and bench) if we want to stay in the playoff race
Oladipo would actually be great for knicks if he’s a cheap one year rental. Regardless of wether he stays healthy he brings defensive leadership to the team.
Yep. Love this Knicks team and fuck the refs.
You guys are fun to watch.
Then the network was like "aye quit this shit, we got Lakers Warriors on next"
first time i think i've ever seen scott foster screw the other team
That was the correct call. Randle didn't lose control
It was bullshit but you still had to make it to send it to OT
It’s cool when the Knicks go play there, you know the actual NY team with history and roots...
I’m glad Randle argued that, refs need to be held accountable. Officiating is a complete joke right now. Ruining the product of the game.
[Angry Shaq noises](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-BoeBedZ3k)
Especially after the actual travel not long before that! But whatever, great game and I'm proud to say that!
What the fuck is this take
His 3pt% is the highest it’s been since his sophomore year.
He had 44 and 17 like 2 months ago. He had 12 50-point games in 2019.

His shot right now is the best it’s ever been, so that’s false too
Knicks defence those last few possessions was phenomenal.
why would having Claxton in the game change that at all
Was an 8 point spread, foster clearly tried to get the game under 8. OT threatens that
Scott Foster was behind Randle so its not like he couldve saw.
Hate Scott Foster all you want but he couldn't have seen that
It’s at the point where I just want them to abolish reviews or go to a third party ref for reviews who has like 30 seconds to make the call, any longer and it’s not enough to overturn the call. I’ve turned off multiple Celtics games this year that were 2-3 possession games because the last 2 minutes of the NBA product is just horrible sometimes.
Lol even when they review things they stick to their wrong calls sometimes
3rd party ref not on the court in the league office. If they want to review a call they buzz into him. He has 30 seconds to review the call (won’t have the on the court bias of the officials) and all players stay on the court rather than getting a free timeout which clearly benefits the offense every time. If the 3rd party ref can’t overturn the call in 30 seconds then it is not clear evidence and you start up play, if they can you reverse the call and start up play. Maximum downtime of 45 seconds per call.
Personally I think they should have a 4th ref that's on the monitor for all the games.  So they can have someone reviewing tight calls without having to wait for a back and forth argument between the refs or players.  Other refs go over to consult with that ref.
134 Lol "dozens "
That's true. It'll be 4-0 Knickerbockers
We probably don’t have a chance against any of the big 3 in the East, might as well get the NYC matchup
They need to get the spread  under 8 and Ot threatens that
He also helped stop dribble penetration which didn’t allow the shooters clean looks. I know he’s barely improved but he did play great defense
Nah, he played some solid defense, his fouls werent the issue especially since at least 2 were soft fouls that couldve been a no-call. His shooting couldve been existant though lol
Execution in the last two minutes is part of the game. They've lost to the Wizards and Cavs this way.
basically this, and the only reason why you didn't see Thibs furious here
 I thought plays got automatically reviewed with less than 2 min left or am I buggin?
Wasn’t a foul. RJ’s hands were on the ball
That’s a extreme take man, complete worst case scenario which the replay should prevent. Other sports if your challenge is correct you keep it and it works pretty well for them, I hope the NBA at least considers it.
Kyrie should have been more of the focal point down the stretch. Harden played horribly in the second half; constantly turning the ball over and tossing up terrible bricks. But Nash just sits there like a bozo and let Kyrie rot on the bench as the Knicks made their run to cut an 18 pt deficit down to 4
He'll be gassed in the playoffs, better to save his legs for the games that matter
He did that at the end of last game.
Kyrie's touch barely lasted a millisecond, and wasn't on the top of the ball (touched the front).  It was so deft it was neither a block or jump ball.  And in this case Randles death clutch on the ball made it unclear he got blocked
Just touching the ball doesn’t call for a jump
Take that shit back to jersey.
Yeah really. Blame Scott Foster for the call, not Kyrie for playing defense and trying to get a steal.
You'd think a Nets fan that witnessed the D'lo lead them to the playoffs would understand that
He had to be held back long after the bell rang. Brother needs to calm down.
The ref
scott foster
Foster’s bum ass
Looked like Scott Foster. Poor Uncle Jeff.
That stupid fucking excuse of a ref they call Scott Foster
Either Kyrie for laughing at him or the Ref that called the play incorrectly.
Foster
yeah because if the opposite call was made the knicks wouldve auto won?
Yeah bro. I grew up trying desperately to root for the knicks and saw them make bad move after bad move with again fans like I already mentioned constantly say "this is our year" followed by "wait until next year." As a teen, there was only so much I could take of hearing the stupid fans (my friends) constantly believe they were about to win a championship. Hell I even remember dudes were saying how close the knicks were when they had guys like eddy curry leading them but that kind of stupidity happened way before that. Knicks fans are awful.

Back then league pass wasn't a thing and the only other local team I could watch was the nets. They were exciting with Marbury then drafted kenyon Martin and shortly after came the jkidd era. Saw their team had competent management and became a fan.

My favorite player of all time is Allan Houston. Everyone that knows me knows that. Sorry I dont blindly follow poorly managed teams just to say I'm a fan.the knicks constantly signed bad players to huge contracts and chased every single star player. They eventually got the big names but only 2 years too late.

Seeing Twitter talking about the knicks being close to a contender right now plus this post being downvoted only further proves my point. Knicks fans need to wake up and realize that their blind loyalty only empowers management to make bad decisions but no matter what there will be people cheering and fans in the standings (minus covid).

They look like they mightve turned the corner with a good coach and better management but I've also seen this before only to see the wheels fall off.
Why the fuck would I support a team that hasn’t paid their taxes in 40 odd years. 

At least the nets haven’t been a complete embarrassment to New York like the Knicks have for as long as I’ve been born.
Yeah it’s pretty obvious that Randle doesn’t lose control of the ball and maintains possession, but you guys can keep whining, won’t change the L.
No surprise you guys would be chanting mvp for that oaf, he's your best player in like a decade lmao 😂

Low bar to please you guys
Yeah I deleted my comment because I realised I was wrong and had probably just been adding to the vitriol lol. I looked at the rules more closely and it does seem to be a travel.
Knicks fans are tough these days
They both are great, but Kyrie has been THAT dude imo. It’s easy to pass to a wide open shooter or a lob to the man with the highest FG% in NBA history, or grab an uncontested rebound but Kyrie has been the closer, which is something Harden hasn’t done his entire career, more efficient scorer and primary option on offense since KD has been out.
Honestly we were getting smoked in the PnR too having a guy like Drummond wouldn’t be bad either
I think you really cant rush it.

Isn't your starting lineup like 22-23 yos average?
[deleted]
If he misses it he misses it, that's still better than getting robbed of the chance.
Lmao you’re going to say that wasn’t  a jump ball
dude.... relax lol, nets played in new york back in the 70's lol, it was the knicks that forced them out in the first place when the aba merged
Good thing Obi was calming Randle down in the end, Scott Foster wouldn't be able to handle the Randle
Teams should get their challenge back if they're successful, just like the NFL.
Nationally televised game with the countries biggest TV market being represented completely & they botch the ending. Shame bc both teams played great, refs just werent.
It’s such an ugly product right now and I’m not just saying that off the back of the Knicks losing.

I remember watching Trae Young play against the Knicks earlier in the season and drawing foul, after foul, after foul. Even though I think we were winning, I could barely watch that shit.
Randle never lost possession. He had two hands on the ball the whole way. It’s a travel.
I mean if you don't see the actual play, don't blow the whistle.  It's a simple concept that refs don't get.
Accountable of what ? That they missed a call that was really hard to see real time since the ball barely moved and foster didn't have the right angle ? Refs haven't been great lately but this ain't it.
I haven’t watched a game this year with good officiating yet
It’s always been a joke. Refs aren’t there to call a fair game, they are there to maximize revenue and profits for the NBA without making it completely obvious.
“Shaq, we’re on live.”

“I don’t give a shit.”

“I know.”


Gets me every time.
He Atleast tries on defense unlike Jordan
Because he's very good on defense and has the potential to become one of the best defenders in the league.
So... maybe don't make a call when you can't see the play?
There’s three refs on the floor for a reason.
Sounds like he should’ve been in a better spot to maybe make the right call?
Is 134 not a multiple of 12 or did my degree fail me...
YERRRRR
Wait... in your hypothetical ref rigging situation the refs had Knicks at +8... And even further you're saying the refs didn't allow overtime because you think the Knicks would lose by more than 8 in the span of 5 minutes... Lol dude...
I honestly thought so too. But to be honest I think the refs basically have to say that they're unsure. And foster was adamant in not calling that.
Just out of bounds and other non foul whistles....fouls are not reviewed unless challenged.
Yea its a worst case scenario, but a scenario that'll definitely occur a lot imo, especially because there are SO many NBA games. Also, in this specific game, I'm pretty sure a travel call cant be challenged or reviewed.
And the typical nets fan base hiding behind the 15 rebound 15 assist star line. Means nothing if those harden doesn't become agressive in scoring as well. I can get rondo is im just looking for someone to fill up the stat sheet with boards and assists. Nash clearly gets outcoached when it comes down to the wire and shows nets legit need KD back if even one of our stars are having an off night and non of our role players can shoot. Other than green, everyone sucked
I'm not saying I disagree that Kyrie should be more of a focus, but he's prone to tunnel vision and bad clock management down the stretch. We've already seen it a couple times this year.

I think it should depend on the flow of the game.
You mean the championship parade? Nah fam that’s gonna be down Atlantic Avenue.
He probably just started watching the nets and chose the NJ flair to be a hipster.
You've never played a game before and your emotions take over?
Nah, but at least they wouldn’t have auto-lost. Game went from knicks in a position to tie to them auto-losing
“Doesn’t follow poorly managed teams” - watches Nets. Pick one.
nope in my opinion i think he loses control of the ball so gg foh
bro it was your stadium! try to have a home game that's not filled with Knick fans before coming to me trying to talk shit. Surprised you can type with Scott Foster's dick in your hands.
"that oaf" lol you must be a bandwagon casual Nets fan
Yeah the nba traveling rules have a lot of nuances and it doesn’t help that the announcers and analysts don’t seem to know them
Nah just tired of the corny, lazy takes fam. Clown if you must, but be creative lmao.
Ironic that the Hearthstone playing nerd is the one calling fans fake tough lol
> It’s easy to pass to a wide open shooter or a lob to the man with the highest FG% in NBA history,

If it's so easy, why doesn't Kyrie do it anywhere near as often? 

I feel like you aren't even trying to discuss it in good faith. Harden has been the clear cut best player on the Nets since he's gotten there. 

Kyrie has done a great job scoring and sometimes taking over.

Going into tonight, Harden has been a more efficient scorer on the Nets as well as a more efficient scorer this season, including those Houston games


I'm responding to a bad post.
It’s the Nets, y’all put up way more of a fight than expected. Almost won. Can’t beat yourselves up too much, they’re the fucking SuperNets haha.
It would be close as far as media market size combined, but SF and LA would still be bigger together since the NY teams are in the same market. Plus the national appeal of the Lakers with LeBron and the Warriors  because they've been so good the last decade with one of the most exciting playing styles to watch.
No it should've been a jump ball, but it's jump ball down 3 with 5 seconds left. Even if you get the OT there's still 5 minutes to be played
It shouldn't have been, it should have been a live ball.
Obi's got nothing else to do. Why did we spend a #8 pick on a now 23yo "NBA ready" again?
Jump ball my guy
Yes.
Not making a call would be making a call tho. Continuation means he's accepting that Kyrie **did** touch the ball.
Not his fault tbh. He cant be on the court just to see optimal angle. Im sure the refs have a process for positioning in order to have the best view from most/all aspects. If anything, something like they was not his range to cover, even if he was the closest.
132 is

edit: downvoted by people who cant do 2nd grade math i guess
No you're right. The guy above is just stupid.
Apparently you've created a new math. Congratulations.
It’s possible. No reason to risk the win in Ot
I think Foster just wanted to go home. He's terrible.
I know I'm talking about this game specifically. Harden was playing like ass
Wouldn't put it past him
lol he did the “hold me back” shit going after a ref and we’re supposed to applaud that. Fuck out of here. Stars deal with bad calls all the time, and some even deal with it in the playoffs, when it actually matters. 

It’s sad when players try to get all hard about bad calls and go towards a ref acting like they’re about to get physical. Embarrassing as fuck. What, he was going to attack Scott Foster? What if he wasn’t held back? He would have just stood there like an idiot. Why do we condone this stupid shit?
Nets are poorly managed? Please explain that to me. Not all of their moves worked out but they had plans. They were also playing in a small market in NJ which causes teams to have to do certain things to obtain talent.

Surely you are not trying to compare the knicks front office to the nets right?

I have been watching them for nearly 20 years and the only real poor move they made was the KG/Pierce trade but that was an apparent "go all in" move. Considering it wasn't all that long ago and people expected them to be bottom feeders for a long time after that debacle, look where they stand today. COMPETENT MANAGEMENT.

Considering they made the finals 2x and won the division a bunch more times and are current contenders, i'm not sure what else a realistic fan expects from their team in 20 years. There are franchises that have not had even 1 of those things in the past 20 years.

Don't confuse teams that have bad years to teams that are perpetually poorly managed. NBA teams have highs and lows. Only 2 or 3 teams can be consistently good for a period of 20 years.

The nets front office is way above the knicks and it's not even a question. People like you trying to insult the nets that way shows you have no idea what you are talking about. Are you gonna tell me next that NY will always be a knicks town or maybe talk about the knicks championship 40 years ago? Lol...who cares.
Try winning games clown 🤡. @ me when they hand out rings for chants
Cry more
Also seeing someone get so livid at the call makes me doubt whether it was right or not then everyone gets so caught up about whether Kyrie touched in or not they forget what the actual rule is.
How is this in bad faith, Kyrie is in the 50/40/90(89.5%) club this year, Ball handler and passer is not his role, his role is top dog and go to bucket getter, which Harden could do and has done his entire career up until now. 

Kyrie is shooting better in every category (including efg%) and has better averages in every single statistical category other than defensive rebounds and assists. Kyrie has just been written off by media so you don’t get the narrative.
It should have been a play on

I’m talking about harden and Harris
Kyrie would need to maintain contact with the ball all the way to the ground which he did not do.
No. He should’ve just let the other refs (who can actually see the play) make the decision of call/no-call. Not just assume shit
Should have reviewed it tbh. They also called the softest fouls on frank for breathing on kyrie
Yea they have optimal positioning but he’s also allowed to move up so he doesn’t just see the backs of the players involved in the play. But hey if the refs are consistently in poor position that would explain a lot.
No I completely understood the scenario, but man is that specific.
Yeah, they probably knew that the Lakers and warriors were up.
Randle is a grown man with a child he's obviously not going to fucking fight scott foster he would've just yelled and cursed at him. It's sad when dumbass Nets fans try to act all smart about players emotions and pretend like they're going to murder the refs.
Nets fan.
Kyrie isn't the top dog on this team, no idea what games you are watching. He's at his best when he's not top dog, like right now and in Cleveland.

You said Kyrie is a more efficient scorer than Harden. Using shooting splits or efg tells you who is a more efficient shooter, not necessarily who is a more efficient scorer.
And what's your point? Didn't both of them end up being jump balls anyways?
The refs can overturn the call. Nobody did
They also missed a call on quickley where he hooks djs arm and a clear kicked ball that led to an easy two points for bullock. Missed calls happen. I get that this was your championship but it was just a blown call
“He would’ve just yelled and cursed at him”

lol the fact that you deem this appropriate behavior for a “grown man with a child” says a lot. The only thing Scott Foster is guilty of in this particular case is making a bad call in real-time, and one that people need slow-motion replays from different angles to tell.  That you think it’s somehow okay for a player to go after him and verbally berate him for it says a lot.
They should have been  jump balls

Randle should have been play on
Knicks didnt have a timeout so they couldn’t challenge
Lol idgaf about the nets bro
Why was the last play not a jump ball? Why was it supposed to be a play-on? Also, if the other two jump-balls did end up being so,  why would that change the outcome of the game?
You’re misunderstanding. I’m saying it another ref saw it differently they can say no Scott that was tipped and it should be knicks ball
yeah and the nets dont care about yall either. we worried about winning a ring not the knicks lmao.
He lost control so it’s a play on
Nah last sentence in your original comment proves otherwise
[deleted]
I’m saying for y’all it’s a big game for us it’s just a game against a below average team.
He lost control because kyrie touched it

We already established kyrie touched it
Yea, but does that constitute losing control of the ball though? Cause Randle had a grip on the ball the entire time, so does swiping at it mean that he lost control? I'm not so sure.
Yes
We'll let the final two minute report decide :)
The nba  propaganda piece
So we should trust you to interpret the rulebook?
I almost forgot they were the Suns.
Everyone besides CP3 was completely pathetic for the entire second half
Harden and CP3 went off this game. Imagine if they both played on the same team.. 😏
Phoenix had 6 TO's for the game, were shooting like 60% from the field until the final minute, and lost. Like wtf
The Suns went scoreless in the last 2:48 of the game
I cannot believe we just won this game. So proud of this squad.

Harden was incredible as usual, but Tyler Johnson, Jeff Green and Landry Shamet stepped up big time. 26 point comeback. Amazing.
Imagine not trading for James fucking harden. We need to appreciate this guys greatness man.
Nets minus KD and Kyrie just snapped the Suns 6 game winning streak (beating the Sixers and Bucks in that streak).
Phoenix commits a pet peeve of mine which is switching too much. Switched Ayton onto Harden every single time down. There's switching when you have to, then there's switching idiotically 30 feet from the basket just because you "switch everything". Gritty Nets win, maybe the best of the year, but terrible scheme by Phoenix
Chris Paul is an all star. 🥲
Harden something else man
ayton 7foot tall and lost a jump ball to jeff green and then immediately gives up a layup to jeff green

some tingus pingus type of shit
JAMES HARDEN IS MY DAD.

METH IS BACK ON THE MENU.

SHAMET SLANDER NO LONGER ALLOWED.
CP was fucking on fire, should have gone to him late.
Nets role players heard everyone talking shit. Classic carryjob from Harden at the end
There were fans who didn't want to trade the likes of Tyler Herro, Jamal Murray or Pascal Siakam for James Harden. It's almost like people forgot the man is literally a one man offensive system as we saw for years in Houston.
Hardens the best player on this team and I’ll die on that
Broooooooooooooklyn
This team just shot 57% from the field and 50% from 3, without KD and Kyrie... That's INSANE! 

The next best players after Harden are Tyler Johnson, Jeff Green, Bruce Brown and Landry Shamet... LMAOOO

 This team's offensive ability might go down in history as an all-time best

EDIT: Can't believe I forgot Joey Buckets 😭
I shut the TV off at halftime. Went to bed with my phone. And HOLY SHIT MY WIFE IS SO PISSED OFF AT ME.
What a terrible loss for the Suns holy shit
Massive culture win for the nets
Oh my god
Honestly that game was just crazy, idk if I can be mad. Nets just couldn't miss
i think its hilarious u kids talking shit about harden. u wouldnt say this shit to him at lan, hes jacked. not only that but he wears the freshest clothes, eats at the chillest restaurants and hangs out with the hottest dudes. yall are pathetic lol
That’s embarrassing
Hope y'all went to sleep
yall just lost to the eastern conference
Suns choked hard
Forget defense. When healthy, who is going to outscore a healthy nets team? I honestly don’t see how they aren’t the favorites. At worst, they’ll free throw teams to death even on off nights.
There will be a highlight thread of James Harden at the top of r/nba tomorrow, like Lebron and Steph right guys? Right??
Damn, Harden is still that mf'er
So I got to watch the blowout first half, but missed the iinsane comeback  by the Nets/CP3 going HAM in the 4th due to the tenth rolling blackout in the last 48 hours 😂🔫
Remember when the suns were up by 24 and had the lead at halftime
Bruh I missed the game because Texas can't provide us with electricity 🥲🥲🥲
What an absolute insane 2nd half, wow

You see why we loved Harden in H-Town? "i think its hilarious u kids talking shit about harden."
Almost went to bed. Almost.
CP3 went nuts in the 4th

It's actually unfair how good Harden is at both scoring and facilitating
Ultimate trap game. Suns must be livid.
Bleach is really tasty actually
Devin Booker looked like he wanted no part of the basketball in the last few minutes.

Also why was Ayton guarding Harden for most of the 4th when Harden checked back in?
Harden and Kyrie should start the all star game, sorry to Beal.  Oh, and let's stop playing 10pm EST games please
CP3 hits a 30 footer and then you decide to not run plays for him in the clutch. Monty hello?
James Harden is out of his mind. Amazing clutch three. 12-0 run. Down 21 at the break? No problem. Nets CAN play D. Resilience in their blood.
Really don't understand giving Book those shots at the end over Paul considering the 4th quarter he had.
Suns choked, but the Nets defense was a big reason that happened.  Suns thought they had it won and weren't ready once the Nets started to fight back. Great game by CP3 and he almost willed them to the win.
34 year old Jeff Green won a clutch tip-off against Deandre Ayton. That was the ball game.
Massive choke job
I legit stopped watching by the 3rd quarter and the NETS WON?! Gg Harden and company!
Whole team turned it up in the 4th. Bruce clamps on CP, Shamet clamps on Book, Joe and Jeff hitting clutch shots, Tyler with a nice game and Harden sealing it.. incredible effort from everyone
[BROOKLYN NETS WIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!](https://streamable.com/wm4jcr)
booker sold.
Guys I don't think the Suns are winning it all this year
Amazing performance by Harden and our bench. Clamped down hard in the 4th quarter and hit all the shots we needed. CP3 looked like he might hold it down for the suns but the other suns really shit the bed.
I want off Jae Crowder’s wild ride
Fuck me it was worth staying up past 1 for this game
CP3 was on fire near the end and then just stopped getting the ball..?
I’m STILL waiting for the Nets to miss ONE shot this half. ONE.
Landry Shamet sighting
Holy shit once the Nets figure it out with all 3, they are going to be a nightmare
"It was my favorite place to come home to" I continued, "after a long day."

"In the summertime, you could hear the birds chirp as dawn came. And in the evening, the cicadas would rock you to sleep. With his arms wrapped around me, I felt safe. It was just me and my Harden. Us against the world."

"In Fall, we would play basketball on the court behind the mansion. His sweat-drenched back, up against my stomach, as I draped over him. And soon, we were on the court, naked up against each other. With my back on the warm pavement of center court, he mounted and entered me. Over and over again, he thrust inside me, each deeper than the last. Faster and faster until he let out a masculine moan. 'And one', as he burst inside me. I was forever his man."
I swore some Suns fans told me Booker was basically the next Harden.....I don't see it.  Comparable in style, but Booker isn't half the playmaker Harden is and likely never will be.

&#x200B;

Like Harden just got 11 assists and it hurt his average on the season, 10+ games in.  Booker will never have that. 

&#x200B;

Also, man you could tell CP3 wanted the W over Harden.  He was trying to win the game himself in that 4th.
I'm not gay but I want to live in a log cabin in the woods with James Harden. We won't ever have sex, but there will be a simmering erotic undercurrent as I stand in the kitchen window watching him tighten his ass as he chops wood, shirtless, sweat pouring off his body. I'll run upstairs and masturbate, the entire time forcing myself to think of women while my thoughts drift back to James. I won't be able to climax and I'll eventually go back downstairs, angry. Sometimes we will look across the table and catch each other's eyes, and in that second, anything is possible, but we both deny ourselves and go back to what we were doing. One day one of us will die, and the other will bury him outside the log cabin. Then he'll go inside, pen a brief missive to his departed friend, and commit suicide, never able to deal with life without his one true platonic love.
Kyrie really brought his lucky stick out for this one
1 bandwagon ticket please. Ive always loved you Harden dont let my half decade as a hater say otherwise
Jeff Green at the 5 is a cheat code
Nets can just fall back on Houston Harden when KD and Kyrie are out lmao
Can we talk about Jeff Green winning a jump ball on Ayton to give Harden that last shot lol
brooklyn fan coming in peace. y'all are scary suns! the play in will for sure go to you guys
Remember when Heat didn’t wanna give up Tyler Herro and Duncan Robinson for Harden lmfao
JAMESSS
I know Suns have been playing great defense the whole season so far, but leaving Ayton on an island vs Harden on so many possessions is crazy
What a comeback
holy fuck.. that game was incredible
James Harden is a NET
Put James harden on the mvp ladder right now.
The Nets really remind me of those Houston teams. Where when they lose, they look super vulnerable but when they win, they look convincingly invincible
shamet locked up booker
OP, your username is heinous
Suns lol. CP3 couldn’t even save em.
Nothing to see here folks move along 😅
Well then. Tale of two halves
Hey this Harden guy is pretty good
Speaking as a Sixers fan, if I was the Houston Rockets I simply would have kept James Harden
Yea I see those booker kobe comparisons lol.  Usually it’s good but he showed some of the bad side of that style this game.  Just bad possessions in isolation in the 4th
FOR THE EAST
Harden. Special
I felt like I was watching my team
Nets bench looking alive 👀
10/10 chokejob
I really don’t understand why the Suns didn’t slow the pace down with a lead in the beginning in the fourth. 

They instead decided to get into a shootout with james harden??

Awful coaching
why did the suns keep switching ayton onto harden?
 Nets against opponents above .500 and of course Hard3n!!!
Stay Ready Team Stayed Ready
FEAR THE BEARD
Harden is so cold blooded
Trade kd and kyrie for a center and bench...harden got this
can't believe james harden is the 2nd best player on this team
It's about damn time the Suns lost.
ANYONE WHO DOUBTS THE BEARD TRADE SHOULD BE BANNED FROM /r/GONETS
Booker lost them that game, wtf was that
SOMEONE POST SHAMET ON BOOK
wow 17-10 with playoff expectations and a close loss is sooo much worse than blowout after blowout for the entire season for a decade
#UNCLE JEFF GREEN, EVERYBODY
So tell me who the best player on Brooklyn is again?
Suns had a full blown melt down in the second half. What an embarrassing loss...
Booker completely disappeared after the first quarter.

We forgot how to guard shooters and left guys wide open. 

Ayton was a non factor on defense tonight.

Coaching just went downhill in the second half. 

This was just a magical experience.
Book decided to take night off after the 1st quarter.
nice to see that championship level defense for the Suns' in the 2nd half.
Honestly didn't see this coming
8 x 3 is 24. Shaq putting that "doctorate" to use for us
Why the hell did Chris Paul not get the ball for the Suns last possession? Not that I’m mad or anything 🤣
I hate my superstitions.  I took a small break and saw the nets making a run.  I didn't want to jinx it by watching it.
James Harden is good at basketball
when you got 2 stars out but you still got a 3rd
How much did Booker score in the second half, felt like zero. And he took the last shot? Nice.
James Harden pretty good at basketball
I was just starting to respect Booker
Can we all agree that Jeff Green is the LeBron James of role players
I woke up and c that we lost 💀 fucking sick. KILL ME NOW 😫😫
That looked a lot like the Suns vs. Grizzlies game that the Suns threw away.
I seen a lot of garbage teams over the years but this second half is the worst I ever seen the suns play. All star game level defense and iso ball offense with 0 ball movement and just chucking contested jumpers. Nash is a better coach than Monty simple as that.
[deleted]
Let’s go
shoulda just kept feeding cp3 in the 4th he was on fire
CP3 was on fire in the fourth but the Suns ran exactly zero plays through him at the end
Why did CP3 stop getting shots after he went en fuego in the middle of the 4th? I was just listening to it but he hit like 4 shots in a row, then I don't think he took a shot until the game was functionally over.
That was a lot of commercials
Ayton is soft. Jeff Green worked him
lol
The Suns ran some terrible plays in the last couple of minutes of the game. It was so easily winnable for them. Pretty much threw it away.
Suns could've put this away during the first half of the 4th when Harden sat, but they could just not answer for Harris/Shamet/Johnson. They kept the lead close and it was enough for Harden when he checked back in.

Worst loss of the season for sure, but Harden usually has their number in Phoenix, so I'm not exactly surprised.
Can’t let this team shoot 20-40 on 3s and expect to win. Didn’t contest jack shit
James Harden is good at basketball.
Man that was an unbelievable fourth quarter. Pretty much the best offensive quarter of basketball I’ve ever seen. Chris Paul is unbelievable, Brooklyn had all the answers though playing as a team without their stars. Just all round amazing basketball game.
No "East bad" posts tonight
Big choke Phoenix
This is on Monty for not acting sooner on the Harden/Green tandem plays. Also someone tell Booker that if you start hot don't stop shooting and cool down entirely....
tyler johnson revenge game
Have this feeling Suns gonna straight up anger fuck the Pelis in two nights after a choke like that. If the line is anything close I may need to hammer Suns ATS
Montys lack of adjustments lol. Put his mug on shaqtinafool.
The Beard
Real talk, Ayton is going to be abused in the playoffs by small ball especially if he's ignored when he has mismatches on offense.
love the username OP
lolSuns
Great win for the Nets, biggest comeback in their history apparently
Lol you can never count a team out if Harden is playing for them
“When it gets to clutch time, fourth quarter, some people built for it, some people shy away from it, so we’re just going to keep hooping.”
Chris Paul, ESPN
This game was amazing wtf. Sorry Suns fans though.
Why am I a Suns fan? This is easily the most embarassing loss this season.
HARDEN IN THE DESERT
Deandre Ayton on an island 1v1 vs Harden multiple times down the stretch... yeah that’s not gonna cut it
At least KD and Kyrie were out, we would’ve gotten beat the shit out of.
Reading the extremely negative posts from a lot of Suns fans whenever they struggle this season just makes me sad.

The losing they've done this season, and it isn't much, is part of the process of going from a good team to a great team.
I feel like James harden is still a ridiculously good player. Hot take, I know
I had no idea Tyler Johnson was still in the league. Wtf???
How is Jeff Green still on a minimum?
fuck the suns will be the suns i guess
fun game certainly did not expect to see nets come back to win from 24 down without KD and kyrie. Madness really.
Bonkers. I haven’t caught many of Brooklyn’s games so I’m glad I got to watch this one. Questions for Nets fans: how do you feel about Nash’s coaching thus far?
This game was such bullshit... I’m so done watching basketball.
Bet my son 5 bucks the Suns were gonna win.   Went to bed during the 3rd with 5 bucks in my pocket.    I can’t believe they blew it.
Suns go 6-0 with Kaminsky in the starting lineup. Bench Frank and give him no play and the Suns blow a huge second half lead. True MVP /s
Wow, I went to sleep for work while we were getting blown out.  What the hell happened?
Devin Choker at it again
What a fuckin comeback. That was hella hype
This fluff piece might not age well.

https://www.espn.com/espn/feature/story/_/id/30800991/the-rise-devin-booker
Does anyone know whether the Jeff Green move at the end of the game is legal? Seems like it would happen all the time in jump balls if it were legal but also I’ve never heard of a rule that states you have to high point the ball
Suns 🤣
This won't be popular but I bet by the end of the season Saric usurps Ayton's spot.
The 3rd string Nets comeback was insane. 60% mad at the Suns 30% sincerely impressed by the Nets
How tf does Brooklyn look better with just one of their big 3 than they do with all of them
We suck, please stop talking about this team , stop hyping this team, they are not good we suck. Monty is one of the worst coaches in the nba in the clutch.
The Suns are fraudulent
LOLSUNS
And the nets bench thought they were the 2017 warriors in the 2nd half
Remember the bubble suns? Those were the days
Every Suns fan would rather face a full strength team than Wizards, OKC, Det, or Uncle Jeff Nets
Suns went from 64% fgp to 34% in the third. This is not an ideal way to win a basketball game.
Bro yall had us for 47 minutes and 21 seconds
they are who we THOUGHT they were
[https://i.imgur.com/TZc7pQv.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/TZc7pQv.jpg)
They were the Sun-Kings in this one
Booker getting stopped by Shamet was unreal
Booker has kinda regressed this season, and Ayton is just soft on offense. He really needs to improve his game and IQ on that side of the court.
When CP3 made it an 8-point lead I thought the game was sealed. It was his 14th straight point for the team and I figured the Nets were toast. Boy was I wrong.
If only CP3 hadn't played unfit and doodoo in 2018-19 and they might still be on the same team. We all thought he had permanently declined. In hindsight, if we knew he still had 2 years of top level basketball, it'd be a no brainer to keep him.
That would break the league. It would take an injury and terrible performance for them to ever lose
CP3 can finally make it to the conference finals.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA imagine Kyrie and LeBron on the same team facing off against, oh idk, let’s just say KD and Steph. XD!!!!!!!!
Given how insanely good harden is at passing this season, he must've absorbed some of chris paul's essence through osmosis during their time together on the rockets.  

After chris paul, jokic and lebron, the way Hardens been playing this season he's prolly the next best passser.
Suns let the Nets without KD or Kyrie shoot 50% from 3. Harden sliced up that defense
They didn’t play any defense. Sorry this is the Nets without Kyrie or KD. You give up 74 in a half you deserve to lose.
>Like wtf

#JAMES HARDEN
Let their foot off the gas too early
Ayton left on a island coach decided not to pull him.
The power of dogshit defense!
Incidentally thats when CP3 shoots his final shot of the game (not counting the heave at the end).   


I know the Suns like Booker, but let CP3 make decisions in the clutch. Please.
Tf
Suns really lost to Meth Curry, Uncle Jeff and Waluigi huh
Im so irrationally happy for Jeff Green. And that Shamet  D on Book was textbook.
24 points but otherwise, totally agree
SHAMWET
Nah man you just don't understand how good Tyler Herro is /s

(I like Tyler Herro- he's a damn good player- but you gotta trade him for James Harden lmao)
Stoked to be witnessing history!
Tyler Johnson and Landry Shamet playing a big part in it too lol who woulda thought
Nets going undefeated this road trip would send a fucking message. Lakers and clippers games coming up should be good, wish AD was playing
On a back to back
Thank You!
Don’t forget the dangerous Cavs
they tried to avoid the switch, but then jeff green blew by ayton. Monty should've just benched ayton.
Exactly this. You watch the highlights that TNT posted and it’s Harris, Shamet, and Harden cooking DA like 6 times in a row in crunch time lol
Why the fuck did they go away from him in the end, he couldn’t miss shit
The way CP3 played today you could tell he was pissed that Harden made him live in OKC for a year
It’s not even a question
Get your game on
RJ was right, he deserves mvp consideration. It comes down to that old argument, is the award for the best player or the player most important to his team? If you're arguing the latter, Paul is right there.
To be fair he stole the top and it should have been a violation. It was clear as day.
> some tingus pingus type of shit

KP catching strays lol
Is it just me but does Jeff Green look bouncier and more fresh then he did like 4 years ago lol?
That was a clear steal, why they didn’t call it a violation is beyond me. Even the announcers mentioned it
Green cheated the jump ball tho
Ayton on a flight back to LATEEVIA
Dont disrespect Uncle Jeff, he still has crazy hops
Somethings wrong, I can feel it
Deatis atus
Soft as Charmin.
They did, he was getting doubled and Booker/Ayton couldn’t capitalize
They started double teaming him hard, but it's Nets defense so it wasn't that bad.
> Classic carryjob from Harden

Joe Harris was on fire during the comeback
I have no clue why teams do not lock down a long term contract for Jeff Green. The Nets are his 10th team.
yeah but don't forget, in the playoffs if your opponent has 4 all stars and you're 2nd best player is hurt, harden isn't gonna get it done.
This is a bad take. Most of raptor fandom weren’t saying that Siakam > Harden, rather that the assets it would take to trade for him would result in a sub-championship team. For context, [here’s an article](https://ca.nba.com/news/who-says-no-debating-six-potential-trade-packages-for-james-harden/1ohu5jucr66xt1t5nba9vmjfdx) from NBA Canada discussing different trade packages.

Harden is a great player, but it takes more than a great player to win a championship. The raptors would have had to give up OG, Pascal and more. For a team already shallow in front court depth, this would have been a bad move.
And even more importantly that's just his backup mode. He's been an assist machine since he got traded here.
...hill?
[deleted]
Well, yea. KD was out
This is why i chose him as a starter over kyrie
i agree but say this a week from now and you’ll get crucified
Clubs in Phoenix are about to be LIT
Lmao they don’t wanna hear the truth
I’d say he’s the most offensively flexible player on the team, but nobody’s beating KD at what he does
I think it's very similar to Curry and Durant in Golden State. Durant's a more versatile player and can do more things, Harden's better at what he does and is a system of his own.
RIP
You forgot Joe Harris and I take that personally
And that's with the Suns being a top tier defensive team so far this season...
Put her on the phone, we'll talk to her. We got your back
My wife was like: you fat and you lazy. You lazy because you fat
Cp3 almost single handedly closed that out. It was insane the back and forth shot making
You were up 24 and the Nets didn't have 2 of their big 3, seems embarrassing
still rooting for the guy, but its bittersweet seeing you post this about nets harden
who the fuck is Ian??
[deleted]
Nah we here
Brooklyn only tries vs plus 0.500 teams (and the Kings apparently), they would thrive in the Western conference haha
Biggest choke of the year
TNT just said this was the biggest halftime comeback for the Nets franchise
It's worse than the choke jobs by both la teams against the warriors
I mean , most teams aren’t going to shit the bed. That was a bad coaching night. They had a huge lead and didn’t once change the tempo to play more of the shot clock.
Currently has like 30 comments lol. If nets got blown out by 20 and harden had a bad game I can guarantee you it would be top of the first page
Nah he’s not nice like that according to this sub
I mean we went a whole year without Steph highlights.  People trying to make up for lost time.
I hope things get better for yall :(
Don't worry you guys got... 

*checks notes...........*

Ted Cruz to save you...


In all seriousness I hope you guys get back and running soon. Stay warm 🙏🏽
Good luck homie.
man at least dallas rolling. houston is like just on or off complete trash
at least you have an excuse. It was on tv right in front of me but i wasn't paying attention until i just so happen to look up and harden drained that 3 for the lead lol
I had to go nearly 56 hours with no electricity. Got three brief glimpses that lasted 1 hour, 3 minutes, and 1 hr 20 min in that timeframe 

we took turns warming by the fireplace and in our vehicles
Big oof dude. Remember that regular season game against the Warriors back in the first week of January 2019? With literally everyone on HOU injured? But James willed the team to victory? This is the 2021 version.
Harden kept on doing PnR with Green and suns kept on switching defenders. 

By the time they tried to fight back and not switch, Green blew by Ayton.
It didn’t start until 3am in the UK :))))
What do you mean I love going to bed at 1am on Tuesday
Retardation
Was CP clamped? He had 17 in the quarter.
Yeah. Not a great case for two suns all stars.
CP3 still there though
you're still 17-10 lol. That'd be bascally 1st in the east. You guys let up in the second half and it cost u, still a great team.
No one thinks we’ll be in the final. We should be glad to just make it to the playoffs lol.
They gave it to Booker LMAO 🤣
the one clippers fan in this thread comes to say this lol. But hes been very solid for us the last 7 games after being absolute dogshit.
What in the living fuck did I just read
nah that's for stabilizing in case he falls off the edge.
It’s my personal head meta for Clippers and Nets fans to always have each other’s backs. 

* Second most popular team in their own city behind a historic franchise... ☑️
* recently acquired superstars that a lot of fans / media members don’t like... ☑️
* get shit on by this sub when we do poorly but receive half that same level of attention when we succeed... ☑️
GOD DAMN
You guys had a chance to trade for him no?
Idiocy
I think there's an argument that he's the best
And Jae decided to build a skyscraper in the 2nd half with all of them bricks after shooting good in the first half.
Don't fucking remind me.
Stfu
Nets started doubling him and Booker & Co couldn't make shots fall
Ran out of steam maybe? He hard carried the Suns for like 6 straight possessions.
Nets can leave, everyone else gets detention.
Hard to shoot when you're on the bench for a whole quarter.
He's ignored on those mismatches because the fuck wad hasn't learned not to bring the ball down. He gets it taken from him every. Damn. Time.
Can you help me out? I'm in a drought over here.
Nah, it was our 2nd biggest comeback since 2012
Steve Nash forgot too until recently
It's been OK. Hes had some terrible games and a few good ones. He definitely is trying things. Hes not the kind of coach who sticks to the same gameplan no matter what
Good one bub
D Choke
The laws of physics do not apply to our franchise.
They're 5-1 with all of them trust me they're unstoppable with those 3
Harden as a one man army is just insane.
Did you not watch the Warriors game a few days ago? We mollywopped them with our main guys sleep walking through the game.
Harden is more used to carrying teams without star players lol
Is ratio-ing a thing on reddit? Either way- ratio.
one loss
Thing is no one had that crazy of an outlier except TLC. Green has been shooting like that all season and Shamet had a rough start acclimating but is shooting 50% this month. Joe Harris had a pretty standard game.

Tyler Johnson just got into the rotation like 2 games ago and has been solid and he definitely wanted to show out vs his old squad haha.
8-0

Undefeated. 

Neva lost.
The bubble was the only cool thing to come out of the pandemic.
When Booker was Booker and not this mediocre player he has been this season
Nets fooled them by playing zero defense in the first then actually contesting shots in the second. Completely caught them off guard
[Me looking at your flair](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/a3/1f/55/a31f55d44fae9fbd42b6d6439913214d.jpg)
RIP DANNY GREEN
Doesn't matter what sport this is used in, still makes me laugh.

Extra bonus points if it's used on the Chicago Bears
So that's why we took the damn field!
Top 7 sports rants.
Especially after how he turned the lights on Simmons the other night
I wouldn’t say they’ve regressed at all. If you have one of the deepest teams in the league, you won’t have as many shots and opportunities. He’s been really good this month, today was a little rough
Is Booker like losing his alpha with cp3 coming in and being the man. Seems like he is more hesitant and is super weird.
What you saw tonight was a summation of CP3's clippers stint. Did everything he could and still lost
When he made that deep 3 it was suppose to be over. He was so hot idk what happened
*Chris Paul on fire late in the 4th*


Suns: let’s iso Devon booker instead
James harden
I knew harden was gonna lead the comeback. Watched until mid way through the third and really wanted to keep watching cause I had a feeling 

But had an interview in the morning and had to sleep
at the time we traded him, i was pissed we lost cp3 for russ but i honestly thought it wasnt a bad deal IF it had been just a straight up swap. i thought russ woulda been a huge get for us just by being someone who can consistently play big mins at a high usage for an entire season which cp3 hadnt really been able to do for about 3-4 seasons at that point, and russ being a high usage, big min guy would let harden rest a bit more during the season

the fact that we gave up 4 FRP tho and the best player in the trade.... really fucking irked me so much. such a non-morey trade. esp considering how much morey fucking loves cp3 and how hed been tryna get him on the rockets literally his entire career
CP3 takes good care of his body, sometimes you’re not right but gut it out. I though they were way too hasty with the trade
The year before CP3 went to Houston, Harden averaged 11.2 assists a game. This is something he’s been able to do for a while.
Harden was obviously the main guy, but don’t forget Joey Buckets and Uncle Jeff.
i mean since the harden trade im pretty sure we shooting over 40% from 3 as a team
Yesterday with Kyrie we shot over 60% from 3 so it wasn't that bad of a defense ^^
Lol the nets gave up 75 in the 1H
Nets without KD or Kyrie is still a wildly good offensive team. Everyone but DJ on that team can shoot! It's insane.
Nah credit to the offence besides Ayton they’re all plus defenders and were pressed up on Harden. It’s when the momentum shifted they started gambling and playing antsy D that fed into Hardens manipulation of their scheme to get open looks from 3. Suns are a top 5 Defence and rarely give up 120+ as well
Ayton had a bad defensive game in the 2nd half, Monty should’ve made the adjustment. Suns fans were quick to turn on DA but what do you expect when a 7 footer is constantly being switched onto an all-time scorer. Usually he’s able to stay in front or right behind, today, DA was like 2 feet behind the guys. Harden, Green, Shamet. It was rough
He was filthy in the 4th too.
For real, especially when CP3 was as hot as he was in the 4th.

I get they want Booker to be the franchise, but man when you’ve got the first ballot HHOFer Point God playing lights out you gotta let him run the offence on key possessions
Nets legendary defense obviously
Which one is meth curry?
lmao and who is Waluigi?? asking as a casual fan.
Dude you’re killing me LMAO
Tyler herro has crazy per 90 min stats tho buh
Shamet was massive down the stretch. Hit that massive up & under lay-in and then played the D that stopped Booker tying the game.
Turned out this is why the Nets offered Tyler that 4/50 contract. Glad to see he balled out but come on TJ, that hairstyle is terrible.
I've always loved our team for this reason, one of the most welcoming places for new young players to develop and grow, everyone plays to the end, even when things look bleak, like being down 24 points in the 2nd half, memories of the underdogs DLo era!!
Tyler Johnson got real hot there. The betrayal
Not trying to sound bitter but it’s the hospital clippers and lakers
with a box of scraps
to be fair Ayton's normally really good on defense so I don't blame him
Ask that question to Booker because I’m wondering the same thing.
Elfrid Payton started sending his energy
I think the Nets doubled him
Because it's "Devin Booker's team" and that shit hurts you sometimes.

Smart teams go with the hot hand. They're mostly young and developing. This is one of those losses young teams have to have as key learning experiences.
“I bet on Jae Crowder over 4 three pointers” -Monty Williams, probably
Yeah, Harden had too much leeway in Houston. You guys should have definitely kept CP3.
THANK YOU!!
To be fair it was the complete wrong call in the first place and if the foul on DBook wasn't called Harden would of had a fast break lay up the other way. So might've been a make up call.
He's really good when he doesn't have to create his own shot. That fit on this team and with Harden is perfect for him. Basically being a stretch big inside-out threat has respawned his career
Being in a winning situation does that to players.
The foul that got overturned was a clear steal leading to a transition opportunity so it evens out
Their entire team was
[deleted]
Shamet’s D on Booker right at the end was clutch
And Tyler Johnson and Jeff Green both had nice games too. Harden made big shots down the stretch and was great in the first half, but this game wasn't a one-man show from what I can tell
Jeff Green casually turning back the clock too.
He had a 7-0 run by himself midway through the 4th. That shake on Ayton was beautiful.
The guy was balling out last season and got a min. Makes 0 sense.
He'll only get you closer than one of the top 2 players in the history of the game managed to come against said juggernaut, what a choker!
George?
No he’s just gonna die
No he just gon die apparently
He means belly
no he will die
Hank?
In the last 5 years its almost more of the "who do we give it to over James" conversation
KD is probably better but he couldn’t do what Harden did in Houston, Hardens combo of scoring and playmaking is just insane
Even if he was hardens the best player
As PG
Harden does more then kd
Are you reading what you even wrote? Harden can both playmake and score, Harden does more things.
you got that backwards. durant is better at scoring, but harden is way more versatile.
Both Curry and Harden are better than Durant. This sub makes so many excuses for KD no matter how many stats are given showing otherwise.
Joey Buckets is our 4th Star.. so disrespectful
Guys she really didnt say that
It's just one game, if you get too invested into every loss you're just gonna have a bad time
Lan not Ian lmao. It stands for local area network. It’s a video game/computer term for the most part. But basically what it means is that a local computer is hosting the servers for whatever game you are playing (local area network). This requires you to be close to the computer so you have to be there in person and the people you play with/against have to be there too either hard wired into the server or over wifi. It’s used for a lot of video game tournaments because of lower latency (less distance for data to travel). Basically saying “you would say that on lan” = you wouldn’t say that right next to me because I’d punch you. It’s essentially say that to my face.
It’s a copypasta lol
Not sure if you're aware, but this is one of the oldest pastas probably 3 years old pasta. You hardly see it anymore though.  Rare sighting today.
Why what’s wrong with hot dudes?
Biggest choke of the year *so far*
The year’s still young
It's not.
Is their biggest 4th quarter comeback still against the Kings?
Sounds like that 28-3 Super Bowl.
Kinda nice that there's now one other fanbase that understands the disrespect lol
Thanks man. Today was better than yesterday but it's stil rough over here. What's crazy is that it was in the 60s last Monday, and will be back in the 60s next Monday. Texas weather is bipolar as fuck but this week has been brutal.
I heard Ted Cruz pisses his pants because he likes the warm feeling between his legs.
Please take him back. We'll give you Whataburger for life or whatever
Thanks. Congrats on the Jazz streak and good luck vs the Clips
Yeah I've got friends there and they're going through hell right now. There's nothing I can do except try to keep contact and offer encouragement, and it's a helpless feeling ngl. If you're there too, I hope things get better soon. This week has been awful.
I’m talking about that one shot where he hit the top of the backboard lol.. CP was nuts in the 4th
Bruh CP3 balled out tf?
He was a stonewall against Booker in that last possession
It's an old pasta. I never read past the first sentence. You should really stop at that too.
Comes up all the time on the Yankees sub for Luke Voit
Hahaha agreed, except idk if the Clippers are the second most popular team in LA tho
for whatever reason they just couldn't let go of Tyrese fucking Maxley lol
should've just benched ayton and go small. ayton was not punishing us on the boards or inside in the 4th. I was shocked monty didnt do it.
Seriously mismanaged. Garbage time is always in Q4 for this reason. Why would the coach even risk this?
anything for you
“5-1”

“Unstoppable”
Nah it's over. Blow it up and tank for Cade
Ehhh I think it's pretty safe to call Shamet/TLC/Johnson combining for 48 points on 13-22 shooting (9-15 from 3) an outlier lol. Hell of a performance though, and the defense also was crazy good from them in the second half.
You’re probably right, but in that 2nd half they definitely all shot above their averages x2. They couldn’t shoot better on a shooting machine. Their 2k player would struggle in comparison. It was wild
I love it how TLC is an outlier when he has a decent game. I mean I don't love it because I'm a Nets fan but it's something
I just realized the Raptors need Tyler Johnson then there would be three in the same city. Tampa would have a monopoly on all people named Tyler Johnson.
Don’t kid yourself lol
They would beat the KD Warriors if you look at it from a statistical standpoint
Hey man we did some pretty cool stuff I thought
Widespread acceptance of Work From Home is nice too
the long con.
Classic hustle
Lol yeah thats fair but I meant like us the fans. I should know better to throw "us" around all willy nilly.
Danny Green is very much alive and playing for the Sixers. You’re thinking of Dennis.
Dennis
Oh shit I forgot he existed for a sec ngl
Book literally just won WC player of the week and he comes in here saying he’s regressed lmao
For offensive stars (especially those that habitually take and make difficult shots) rhythm is huge. It's not shocking to see Booker take a step back as he adjusts to the new offensive flow, but I'd be surprised if he doesn't get back into his groove by season's end tbh.
That's why he needs insurance
He makes that amazing shot then they decide to give booker the last shot? Like what
Monty wanted to make things interesting.
they stopped going to him lol
Happens all the time. I really do not get it. But it seems to me that the Suns fans believe that Booker is their best player.   


But at this time in the game, after the 4th that he just had, just give it to Paul.
The fact that Russ was supposed to be more durable than cp3 and since the trade has gone down he’s been super injured while CP3 has been healthy...why bro it’s so unfair
Why I'm still mad at Harden: he forced that trade and had us give up two unprotected FRPs and two swaps for it. 

Straight up it's not a bad trade. But we traded our future to placate Harden then he forced his way off the team ten months later.
It wasn't a Morey trade at all, I don't think. That was a Fertitta trade that Morey was obviously forced to make by any means necessary.
He completely changed the way he looked after his body post trade though
While he does take care of his body, he has always had an injury prone reputation.
Yup I'm just talking about the initiation and making the right reads. Those guys couldn't miss. The offensive plays for the Nets in the last 5 minutes were: 

Jeff Green 3pt (Harden assist)

Joe Harris 3pt (Harden assist)

Harden floater

Jeff Green 3pt (Harden assist)

Harden layup

Jeff Green layup off screen from Harden

Harden 3pt

Harden 2 free throws (take foul)
Game recognize game
Ok but that’s expected
To a full-strength Suns team.
[deleted]
They have the 4th best defense and you have the 30th best defense
Everyone outside of Joe Harris on that team is a low-tier player. You give up 57 points to Meth Curry, Jeff Green, Shamet, and Cabarrot and you have to be looking at your effort.

And I would know what bad defense looks like as a Kings fan.
Tyler Johnson
Tyler Johnson is meth curry (I think it's the teeth?).
I’m thinking shamet.
Landry Shamet... to be honest, he does look kinda like Waluigi would in a live action setting lol
Help: how can I call Herro overrated without getting beheaded by Heat fans?

Woah I meant to say that Tyler Herro has GOAT potential. Funny how autocorrect works
Booker smoked Ben the other night but got stopped by Shamet of all people lol
Lol I was so hyped that off-season and completely convinced myself that Tyler Johnson would make us a playoff team. No he has a chance to possibly carry us to a championship.
Meth Curry is hella nice off the bench, underrated defender too really gets his nose in their
Fresno life son
Yea I'm super bummed they are missing players. Was looking forward to these matchup for a while but they should still be good, and Nets are on a long road trip which def takes its toll on players
Your not bitter but your not right either. KD is also OUT and Lakers are only missing AD, Clippers will be getting Kawhi back so their missing Batum/PG13 which is a normal amount of injuries. Now the Blazers thats a hospital team and a pretty good one at that lol
but he got burned like 5-6 plays in a row. eventually you gotta pull him. but p maybe he didnt wanna kill his confidence.
Man had like 4 points in 3 quarters
for real. there was a suns possession in the last few minutes where cp3 was asking for the ball from book and book didn't even give him a glance lol. and that was after cp3 hit that insane heat check 3
CP3>Booker

Booker ain't clutch. he thinks he's harden when he's the dollar store version. 

i feel bad for cp3. dude was going bonkers
Back in Houston when CP3 had the hot hand, harden always deferred to him. It seems like Booker has trouble doing that.
If CP wasn't so bad in 2019 then maybe he stays.

Chris Paul was not blameless. He was flat out bad for a star player in 2019.
Yeah that was a terrible call in the first place. Also to everyone complaining about Jeff Green stealing the tip...that happens all the damn time and it's rarely called.
Wasn’t he winning with Bron not that long ago? I swear he looks better now than he did then. But I know he’s battled a lot of injuries throughout his career.
Gut check win, for sure. It's easy to coast as a role player on such a star studded team that can win even when they play shitty defense. 2nd of a b2b, 3rd game in 4 nights, and down 2 of their big 3, this would have been an easy game to just accept defeat and move on to the next one after that first half. The bench had to step up big time to win, and they showed pride and grit to pull it off (especially after Paul went supernova for a stretch in the 4th just when they were closing the gap).
I mean he had 38 and 11 lol
harden assisted or scored 18 of the nets last 20 points in the 4th (starting from ~6 minutes left)
This isn't that unexpected from Jeff Green, he's been great as a small ball 5. Saw a lot of it last year on the Rockets
Paul?
of the jungle?
Harden is better because he can do these things. He’s simply the better player
For the all star starter.
i don't watch enough nets to know (and i know they're a bad defensive team), but is KD still one of the best help defenders in the league like he was in GS?
I know Harden's defense is better than it's made out but KD is a much better defender, and a more versatile scorer.
Of course not. She would’ve said that you’re fat because you’re lazy, not the other way around.
Fair enough
and the guy who posted it is foxsleftear, who was the one that made it catch on in the first place. he started to post it all the time in rockets post game threads whenever we'd win cuz harden hate was at its peak in 2016 and you couldnt go into any rockets/harden thread without seeing a ton of slander. so he started the meme to counter the bad vibes every rockets thread had lmaooo and it just caught on from there
Almost every suns loss is choke of the year candidate.
I think the sports networks have been treating the Brooklyn Nets as a different Franchise than the NJ Nets for some reason. The other day they said we did something no Net has ever done but on our broadcast Richard Jefferson said the NJ Nets had done it before. He mentioned he had noticed they've been doing that. 

Prob just looking for any way possible to put out new impressive looking stats or notes
It’s not even specific to Harden. People just don’t like this Nets team. 

We’ll see highlight after highlight of the Lakers playing random people like the fucking Grizzlies and Timberwolves and in every post game thread “WoW tHe LaKeRs kNoW hOw To TuRn iT oN!!!” a couple hundred times. 

Brooklyn while tremendously undermanned managed to beat the CP3 led suns thats look legit. And the game was really fucking excited considering the comeback and yet we’ll hear crickets.
Nah our conservatives already stupid enough. We don’t need American conservatism to make it worse
I’m saying he should be the only all-star.
Not surprised. Ayton has a soft mentality.
oh
Haha yea I just meant shooting % wise, obviously it's rare these guys score 15+, especially when we have Kyrie and KD available. If this could be a typical Tyler Johnson performance though (which is asking a lot), that'd be huge though. Man got his first $50m contract because of Marks maybe he's trying earn another one playing for him.
Yea it was their best group performance as a bench by far, they usually look kinda clueless without one of the stars in with them too, so I was definitely surprised.

Also, I think the Suns defensive effort was way less in the 2nd half, and then in crunch time CP3 absolutely murdered it, but since no one but him touched the ball for a bit everyone else looked a little off.
Haha I just looked it up and there's a Tyler Johnson who plays for the White Sox, they Rays need him for the full monopoly.
Eh it was alright
I mean if the same dude that was letting me shoot open J's 30 minutes ago was suddenly breathing down my neck every possession, I'd be a little shook too
Wide left us too soon
I can't 😂😂😂
Point God instincts kicked in and the urge to pass was unavoidable I guess.
I think most Suns fans are 50/50 on who the better player is. Both are capable of making shots down the clutch. I do think CP3 was the better choice this game but that’s not the issue. We should’ve never gotten to that stage.
Pretty sure all the picks were all protected at some level
Math checks out.
Nah, no one gives Jeff green the respect he deserves.
I'm assuming you don't watch the Nets if you believe this, Green alone has been huge for them all year.
It's probably just more that you don't watch the nets much.

Their role player offense is always cooking. Their supporting cast is very good, offensively.
Just say Tyler herro is overrated and when they give you a hard time be like I meant the song. Badabing
Facts lol Shamet is usually one of the worst defenders on the court at all times.
For sure. Would’ve been some great basketball as a neutral fan
Ayton was not himself today, Monty should’ve seen that and replaced him. Clearly something was going on. Usually he stays in front or beside the smaller player, today he was 2 feet behind everyone. It was bad and Monty failed to notice that
Lmao bro relax, Book is clutch af but he had a bad fourth quarter, it happens. Losing while up 24 is inexcusable tho
Bubble Booker was clutch asf
yeah, i was totally ready to run it back with cp3 in 2020 and definitely never wanted westbrook, but i was also prepared for cp3 to take another step back to like a 14/8 guy.  he sunk himself by making trading him look necessary with his 2019 play.
I love CP3 but people forget this because of how dope he was last season.  He looked borderline washed in 2019
the 2 he didn't score or assist on he screened for Jeff Green to get an open layup lol
Chris?
Pierce?
Your entire post history is bashing KD and praising Harden. Methinks you’re a little biased somehow.
When it comes to Harden vs KD, people solely look at the scoring difference and give KD the edge because he's the better scorer. Completely ignore the passing difference. To be fair, KD is the better defender, but I don't think he's super impactful as an individual defender - more like a good team defender.
ayy I thought y'all were here for me
We blew a 20 point lead against Detroit, Wizards and Nets. We really gotta learn to maintain the lead man. This is getting ridiculous 😂
The Brooklyn nets had a bigger comeback against the Kings in 2019
I mean it was like that on the rockets too. Gotta consider common denominator at some point
Oh got u
u gonna join me or not?🤨
didn't mean to be that guy
Can’t tell if you’re joking but he used to take his foot off the gas all the time to get Blake involved as well.
ah my b, they're protected 1-4. still bad!
Jeff Green’s is on a veteran minimum contract for the 4th straight year. He’s a great guy to have at that price, but there is a reason he hasn’t gotten anything above that.
Wait there's a Tyler Herro song?
Yeah he was. But he also needs to recognize when he's hot vs when CP3 is. 

Either way he's a great talent
Marquese?
[deleted]
damn that wasn't an exaggeration
I’m biased sure but I’m also right.
I just look at the body of work of what James has done in Houston(Harden can be a really good defender when he tries) and now in Brooklyn and Harden is just more impactful than KD. Kyrie if I’m being honest has been better on offense this year than KD too.
F
this was a thing even before harden joined. kd and kyrie are not exactly respected here.
100% joking lol
I’m not saying he’s an elite player, but at times people act like he’s some g leager
I thought it was because he grew up too poor to afford defense
Yes there is because he transcends the sport into media. James harden can only make it to measly gifs
Diamonds?
stole my comment bro. Not cool
Like it is LITERALLY all he does. He has a complex.
It was because I barely have any posting history period on Reddit, the most history I have comes from yesterday. Sheesh man y’all try really hard to make disingenuous arguments on here.
Yeah, it's really hard to judge KD individually when he was on the Warriors. But I don't think any 3 year stretch from KD in OKC matches Harden's 2017-2019 seasons where I legitimately think he should've won 3 MVPs in a row.
I liked the Jeff Green pickup at the beginning of the year. As these games go on, Nets definitely got way more value than his contract.

Jeff has been nothing but a fantastic veteran on and off the floor. Big shots, smart plays, good defense.
Herro ripping off Mo Bamba now
Hands?
Are forever?
You can have it back.
Dude I don’t even have that many Reddit posts. There is no fucking power in Houston lmao so I have time to kill. Complex lool, Curry is better than Durant too, better?
Yea for sure. I’m a Rockets fan as well so I know we’ll how dominant that stretch was.
GME?
Like Family and Loyalty
Actually, you take it. I overreacted
Well mine is gone already lol
Bit of a blowout.

But the KD hugs after the game seemed to me that there is very little bad blood between the teams.

gg

Most importantly, glad to see no injury on Draymond.
[deleted]
You don't realise how unfair it is to have 3 top 10 players on your team until it happens against you
Brad freaking Wanamaker should NEVER be allowed to hold the ball for more than 3 seconds ever again
Nets are absolutely scary when their big 3 players actually try
Everyone aside from Curry and Zion lite cannot shoot to save their lives
Bruce Brown is going to make winning plays for this nets team in the playoffs guaranteed
All those shots of Klay on the bench as his team was getting blown out were so brutal
KD went and hugged every Warriors coach and player after the game
Draymond not injured.

Didn't lose by 20 when shooting 25% from the three point, Kyrie and Harden could not miss.

I'll take it.
KD goes 8/19? No problem. Kyrie and Harden will chip in for 16/28 and 7/13 from 3. What a fucking team man. Their record against playoff teams is absolutely nuts too, aren’t they still undefeated if I recall?
When ALL 3 of them play it's damn near unstoppable, also love to see Bruce brown balling
Bruce Brown gonna get Mozgov money playing with these dudes
Harden is an offensive maestro, and it’s a thrill to watch
Great job by Nash tonight. He finished w 19 points and 16 assists
Only the 7th game together for KD/Kyrie/Harden.

Gonna be a spooky team. KD/Harden will try harder on defense in the playoffs too, and KD has proven to be a surprising force around the rim on defense when he wants to.

Also 19/16/8 from Harden, guy is just amazing. His assist numbers show how it's unquestionable that he's one of the best offensive players ever; he was forced to shoot a lot more in Houston, but comes to the Nets and just casually averages double digit assists.
James Harden dishing out assists like $100 bills at the club
[deleted]
I think not having Deandre clogging the lane helped the Nets a ton in this specific matchup against the small ball Warriors. A guy like DJ doesnt allow the Nets to switch everything on defense  and there's so much more space for the 3 stars to operate. They were able to basically play 5 out and the cuts were always open whenever we tried to help on Harden/Kd since the Warriors have no rim protection. 

Also the Nets defended like they had a couple guys who knew every single action the warriors run to free up Steph (Nash and KD). Combine all that with some poor energy from us, and Steph/the entire team struggling from behind the arc and you get a blowout.
Harden the best playmaker in the league rn.
Harden 16 assists... so many of his assists were highlight plays themselves.
Might as well sign Lin cuz Wanamaker is awful
James Harden: 19 points, 8 rebounds, 16 assists, 3 steals, 1 block, 5 TO, 6/11 FG, 5/8 3PT

Zach Lowe: "nah not an all-star" 🤡
Sucks to lose, but happy that Draymond is OK. I was in a fucking panic.
You aren’t gonna beat this team letting Brown get free layups. Noted
If this Nets team gets a lead early good luck catching them. 

Harden's passing was first class. 

Wiggins wasn't *bad* but they need **someone** else in addition. I don't think it would have been possible (can't recall trade specifics before the injury) but Wiggins, Draymond, Klay, Steph would have been nice to see compete imo
GG warriors. Game would of been better if injuries weren’t involved
19 and 16 🤤
Bruce Brown is the best center in the league if he’s 6’10”
scary hours
Fuck I miss KD.
Story of the game should be how the Nets uncontested gave up the Jeff Green on Curry switch the entire game and the Warriors went at him like 3 times.
Kerr says the Warriors aren't going to chase wins by putting Steph/Draymond in a couple minutes earlier in a close game in the 4th ... Yet he put them in down 20 with 6 min left?

Interesting
Mark Jackson and Jeff Van Gundy make the games unwatchable.
They shut curry down at the 3pt line. KD kept switching onto him. He still played good though
you wanna know what's nuts is that steph was perfect from anywhere but 3 point range
The commentating on this game was fucking atrocious. They showed them dancing , taking selfies, talking about shit outside the game . It was terrible. Get rid of the boomers
Is James harden the best player on the nets?
James Harden on a super team blowing out Steph Curry? I used to pray for days like this
Got spanked but it’s cool to see KD back at Chase Center playing again at least
game was bit of a letdown for the neutral viewer. Curry needed to go supernova to make it a game. 2 made 3s are not enough sadly. 

With Durant, the nets are a team to watch.
Imagine thinking nets won't make the finals
People are overreacting to this game a bit. This was a good and much needed get right game for BKN, but I'm still waiting on them to play better more consistently. Obviously they haven't had all 3 stars available for a chunk of games but I still think there are several teams that will give them trouble in the playoffs even with all 3 stars.

Their big 3 has extensive experience playing against (and as a part of) the Warriors in the playoffs and the Warriors don't have any threatening scoring bigs, so BKN knows how to handle them. I still see this team struggling against the Lakers, Jazz, 6ers, as well as the Bucks, Nuggets, and Clippers to a lesser extent.
what do you guys think steph said to KD that made him crack up
At this point warriors win/lose is entirely dependent of curry’s 3 percentage
It’s so demoralizing watching Wanamaker play basketball
Harden is so fucking good. Unreal.
What a great display of talent. 

Gg
KD with a pretty bad game by his standards while Harden absolutely dominates throughout the entire game and the KD/GSW narrative is more important for the postgame interview, nice.
Should we still be legitimately concerned about Steph Curry?
They us in a couple games which will be there true test. But I doubt everyone will show their full hand.
Harden might be the best facilitator, then you have the best handles in the world and o yea... some spider ass dude filling it up!! I would love to seee them go 2nd round with either Celtics or Buck’s!!
As much as Beard dominated in Houston, I think this version is his final form, and I think this is also how he prefers to play.
Didn’t expect to win. Glad Draymond is ok.
To be expected I guess... Onto the next one. 

Nets are unstoppable when they try
KD probably thinking, "that should prove that I'm better than Curry"
I have nothing against the nets, KD, Harden, or Kyrie. The announcers tho fuck me, could they suck Kyries dick any more? He is a fantastic player don't get me wrong.
hArDEn iS tOo SeLFIsH tO pLAy WiTH tWo oTHEr sCORinG suPERstArs
J Hard
How many open 3s did the warriors miss jesus
Nets champs
I don't like Wanamaker man.
Wait Shumpert is on the Nets?
Close game. It could have gone either way. The warriors might need Klay to try to even the odds a bit. Still a close game regardless.
[deleted]
After careful examination... the Nets defense is about as bad as advertised
Media and the fans usually make the story bigger than it actually is.
I can't tell you how happy I am about that news about Dray. I just want the dubs to get over this season without injuries so we can finally see them compete again.
Warriors fans knew the whole time. People expecting drama were always going to be disappointed.
From what I can see, yeah there might be a little bit of salt, but brothers are brothers.
with the way players move teams in the nba you cant hold grudges like mj vs the pistons.
https://mobile.twitter.com/dimeuproxx/status/1225574625666650113?lang=en
He needs to be our PG for sure. Felt unstoppable today
Try facing 4 top 20 players + Iguodala and everyone telling you your team is shit because they couldn't get past them
>	You don’t realise how unfair it is to have 3 top 10 players on your team until it happens against you

https://i.imgur.com/TAeIqtQ.jpg
It is not like we played badly. They are just too good. If Steph could hit some of his threes we actually had a chance today. But the big 3 are just too lethal
Neither the nets nor the warriors ever had 3 top 10 players lol

Klay/draymond not being top 10 is obvious but just to illustrate how kyrie clearly isnt top 10:

Lebron kawhi embiid jokic AD giannis harden steph dame luka
Kyrie isn't top 10, neither was Draymond/Klay
i think it would have been safer to say 3 top 20 players

not having kyrie in your top 10 is alright

harden and kd obviously are top 10 and the nets obviously are op but i have numbers ocd so i had to make that point
Kyrie isn't a top 10 player though.
Thankfully it didn't happen against you right.
It's not unfair, it's just..... otherworldly, for the lack of a better word I guess.
Can we stop saying this? Kyrie isn’t top 10.
Lmao I loved this game. Give curry dray and klay a taste of their own medicine.
Kyrie ain't top 10, but the point stands.
When does the G-League bubble pop? Dump him there immediately so we can get Poole and Linsanity
Lin went 7/9 from 3 today, so there’s that
Lol he has a guaranteed $2.2M contract. Truly galaxy brain decision by the Warriors FO.
should be called Wanabricker instead
I think you mean actually play*
5-1 together so far. only loss was double ot to the cavs.
Mfs better start trying than, that record is stupid for the talent they have
They weren't pushing hard tonight either, it was a blowout because the warriors don't have anyone to get offensive boards
I’m glad the Celtics are trash this year because I’d be salty af to this team in the playoffs
>Zion lite


😂
We should've kept Iguodala
Curry still went 2-9 so that’s not even that good lmao
Who is zion lite
I've said this a million times but Bruce Brown is just a huge amount of hustle and energy. He is all effort and it contributes all over the place.
He literally played as a small ball 5 today, no shots outside of restricted area.
Now Steph knows what it feels to play against 3 superstars

Steph was always around superstar talent in the last 5-6 years and made the finals each time, except when his teammates were injured. 


So now we know why.....

Curry and bron......


Ok now that I’ve gotten the Lebron and Curry fans here, who would win in a dancing competition??
What it says: “Bruce Brown”

What my brain sees, every time: “Bruce Bowen”
it hurts so fucking bad to miss out on him for two years
You can tell he’s in pain and just wants to go out there and help his team. When he tore his ACL Klay shot the FTs but continued to play but got taken out the game
Feel bad for him. But god damn having 35 million on the bench to injury don’t know what else to expect.
Damn, that's rough. Anyone got any screencaps?
These Warriors are so fun to watch. Adding Klay would give them so much consistency (if he comes back as good as KD?) they'd legit be contenders.
With the hug police besides them all the way lol
NBA: out the next two weeks protocol violation
he's so bitter

/s
Anyone gotta link?
Oubre also put up a double-double, so he's come a long way from shitting the bed like he did in the season opener
I already predicted that this would be a blow out. Warriors players just aren't good enough to defend this monster of a scoring team but I was still disappointed. They kept getting beat by back cuts and just lazy awful transition defense.
I had my expectations low, therefore I aint disappointed
irving scored around his true shooting tonight, 64%. Harden was well above with his 3pt shooting, but durant was pretty bad for his normal standards. What killed you guys was the inability to stop penetration and dump offs to bruce brown and the harden jeff green pnr.
Wait...did he come back out?! I couldn’t watch the game but I saw the clip of him falling awkwardly. Is he okay?!
They've lost one game. To the Sixers where Kyrie and KD were out.
1 loss against sixers, when KD and Kai weren’t playing.
Kyrie is a magician. There were 2 or 3 layups he missed that were as great as the ones he made. I love that guy and super happy he's doing well when everybody in this sub was shitting on him. 

Harden with the almost triple double makes me not want to hate the Nets as a Brooklyn resident Knicks fan. 


I'll take it though.
They’ve played only 7 games together. I’m gonna wait to see how the team holds up after 30ish games together but it looks to be the first team that could win it all with barely average defense if there was ever a time and team to do it.
Y’all forgetting that loss to the Raptors?
So anyone wanna bet who takes the bait?
I like how everybody was saying him and Kyrie can't play together... 

🤡
A lot of its Harden being an absolute monster but a surprising reason for the high number of assists is Joe Harris. Harris has been an absolute sniper for years now even on subpar Nets teams, and I saw a tweet by a Nets beat writer that Harden has assisted Harris the most out of all Nets players.

It's crazy, I think a Harden pass to Harris running off a back screen, or a Harden-Harris pick and roll results in a made three 50% of the time.
That’s true but he’s always had this in him. He’s lead the league in assists before.
Yep the Nets look the absolute best when Harden has the ball Kd at the wing and Irving on the other.
BK legend
he also shot like 2-9 from three. nets did a pretty decent job guarding him, he didnt have one really clean look but he usually drops a few more.
Harden and Mike D'Antoni must also be quite familiar with y'alls offensive and defensive schemes. I agree with the DJ assessment, DJ also never moves up to contest at the 3 point line which would've been bad against small ball warriors.
Well DJ has his uses to. More than Kyrie I would argue DJ's good defense and amazing energy helped them blow out the Pacers and DJ was useful there cause they have a traditional twin tower offense with Sabonis and Myles
dude just creates shots for everyone on the team, and if that doesn't work, fuck it, he'll shoot it himself. absolute cheat code
i love how he truly doesnt give a fuck about scoring anymore. hes just diming up everyone on the team beautifully and picks his spots to go iso gang.
🔫Always has been
Been that way for a while now
always has been. it's just that when he was on the rockets he was just forced to make 40ppg. now he can be steve nash
This but Unironically
It's so weird. I watch games, and the talking heads talk about how good he is and I'm always looking like this: 😂

I've asked it before and I'll ask it again: what exactly is Wanamaker good at? He's not a great shooter, defender, rebounder, or playmaker. I'm just trying to understand why this guy is always so hyped by the media, and even some fans I see posting here. I've watched almost every Warriors game this season.. I just don't see it. Jeremy Lin could help this team right now, but he's on the G-League team. I don't understand it. 🤷🏽‍♂️
Zach Lowe is braindead for his reasoning as why Harden isn't an All Star. He has guys like Jaylen Brown as a lock over Harden I think... which is ridiculous

Harden is the best SG in the league and it ain't close, he's a damn lock for the ASG.
Zach lowe literally said he was obviously an all star in that podcast

But go off I guess.
> Zach Lowe is braindead for his reasoning as why Harden isn't an All Star. He has guys like Jaylen Brown as a lock over Harden I think... which is ridiculous
> 
> 

Ok come on, Lowe has been very clear that Harden's play isn't what's keeping him from an all-star spot on his fake all star team, but his actions to force his way out of Houston. He's never said he's not playing like an all-star or not good enough.
What even happened? Looked really bad then walks to the locker room on his own then after the half playing 100% again. Wtf
It's scary, that even if you managed to slow one of the big 3. It's either a Harris 3 or a Bruce brown lay-up
Make sure your centers are not dead.
Pick your poison with these dudes it's wild
brown getting layups because there are 4 40% 3pt shooters out on the court at one time. Its so spread out and hes just cutting behind everyone after harden breaks them down.
You have to double at least 1 of KD/Harden/Kyrie and then Brown is taking advantage by making smart cuts and decisions to crash. If you drop a big then the big 3 goes off from the perimeter. I mean obviously ur right but it's tough
Nah klay is on the roster taking up a spot healthy klay is just an addition to this team. They’re even paying his salary (granted Lacob gets some insurance break on it) but either way klay would just start and move oubre to the bench. Sucks that it didn’t happen, warriors would be a top 4 team in the west jostling for positioning.
>Wiggins wasn't bad but they need someone else in addition. 

His shooting was unsustainable but he's doing well in a lesser offensive role.

But yeah they need someone else as the #2.
They got Klay and Oubre is starting to step it up too. I think once Klay comes back Oubre will have played well enough to be dealt for a pretty nice package
We’ve lost like three games keeping him on the bench too long. It’s so annoying, especially when you’re going against the odds against teams like the nets
Eh, when you're playing against arguably a top 2 team in the league you leave your guys out there and let them feast or famine with their minutes as a unit. It's honestly valuable development time because they might not face another team as good the rest of the way. Kerr didn't want to let then off the hook.
Maybe Steph pulls off a TMac? Also Paschall was cutting the lead by a lot
They usually play 6 minutes in the 2nd and 4th, so it was their usual rotation.
That's because everyone else is injured or in the g-league so they needed to play in the garbage time.
It's not called the chase center am I right
it’s so they can chase stats
I don't know what Kerr is thinking. He already cost the team at least 3 winnable games by not giving Steph more Q4 minutes.
They’re talking about stupid shit that has nothing to do with the game. Cue “Mama there goes that man”
Idk if I’m bias but I think van gundy hates the warriors. Couple that with mark jackson jealously and it’s tough to listen too
They were fucking annoying.
The nationally televised announcers are always ass. They’re like r/NBA commenters just talking stupid shit and trashing on everything
whats funny is even casuals think its stupid, its not even like you can defend how shitty it is by saying "well the average viewer loves these guys."

nobody does, they need to get jackson and van gundy out of their contracts immediately and get actual analysts to pair with breen who can actually talk about the game being played in front of them. it's damaging the nba's product every time theyre on air
This game, yes.
Y'all only say this when he has a good game.
Lol no, on some nights he has the best performance because he’s a top 5 player. But Durant is straight up on another level
yes.
TBF it’s only a select area of this sub that really thinks we’re garbage 

With that said, this was a great “gimme” game. We’re toast if we don’t get a decent big tho
I mean it’s not a lock. There are still great teams playing out East like the Sixers and Bucks. They’ll be in the mix of it come playoff time, probably ECF at least but not a guaranteed lock.
The Warriors are not really a great barometer for this.
??? This is like saying imagine Bucks won’t make the finals for last season. We know the ceiling on this Nets team is a championship, but statistically there are other contenders in the east so it’s more likely Nets don’t make the finals than the Nets do. At least I feel like that’s the reasonable thing to say. Philly and Milwaukee are good man, and of course we can’t count out Miami and even Boston since they got that Jaylen Brown level up
Imagine thinking the bar is set by these Warriors.
Yeah I want to see them against a team that is good in attacking the rim and has good interior players like AD and Embiid, the Bucks dissapointed me a bit because they tried to outshoot Brooklyn not to go inside for which they had players.
The Clippers look like a good matchup for Brooklyn because they settle for a lot of jumpers too and Ibaka/Zubac are far from a good offensive big who can punish you down low and on the boards.
Steph: "Hey bro, want a Wanamaker on your team?"

KD: "Lol, nah thanks we good."
"so they told me where they were putting our jerseys in the arena when we retire. oh and theyre putting brad's over there."

*points at dumpster*
I mean, Harden already had a 16 assist game with the Nets so I guess it's old news lol
This is a legacy defining game for him today bro
im just happy I dont get to see the front page filled with Steph Curry posts and fanboys crying about him not being in the MVP conversation
Is this something that needs to be proven..?
if he was better than steph curry he would joined okc
Just you dawg
The question isn’t whether he’s better than Curry, but whether he’s more popular than Curry.
Yea, he signed like 2 weeks ago. But he somehow got injured right after he signed and hasnt played yet
What game was close
The reality where him scoring 27 on 17 shots is a bad night.
Lmfao
Lebron would score 8 points when against a tall shooter
Oh well he had one bad game, happens, he'll be back to torch the Cavs
Did you watch the game? Or you're just looking the point total and saying that? Because we actually played pretty well on defense today, a combination of high pace and turnovers will lead to any competent offense scoring 117 in today's NBA, regardless of team/individual defense performance
Players must laugh their asses off scrolling Twitter and seeing randos analyze every quote and little moments off the court.
idk, this was a match we all wanted to see since OKC. The implication of bad blood never seemed to have legs. KD is a weirdo but not in a way that make people hate him so much as call him soft.
That's when he took it personal
2018 rockets deserve more credit. Taking arguably the most OP team ever to 7 games is a spectacular feat
At least the Rockets took several games off the KD Warriors. Cavs, on the other hand, got Hulk smashed to oblivion.
Fr. Kinda nice to see Harden on the other side of the fence now.
That's Finals MVP Andre Iguodala to you
Are you telling me Iguodala isn’t top 20? Who else is gonna hit the game winning shot? Curry?
Right?  Another one that gets me is "Rockets couldn't even beat them when KD was out, they sucked" and I'm always like "Oh that same team that without KD went on to sweep the WCF and then take the Raptors to 6 games with KD and Klay missing games, that team?". I swear it's like folks tried to discount how good the Warriors really were.
I fucking hate the rockets but even during GS Thanos era I always thought those takes were garbage. They continue to be garbage. Rockets outperformed all my expectations during those years.
I always ruthlessly hate on that era of the Harden Rockets because they were just our rivals but its absolutely true. They were the only competition and they came very very close
Agreed
thank you. no sympathy for warriors fans
>Try facing 4 top 20 players

Do you actually believe Klay would be best player on playoff team if you think he was top20?

or draymond
I used to be one of those guys who said that Harden's style of play would never win a championship, then I saw that series and I decided I should probably keep my hot takes to myself in the future.
Try beating them and everyone still calls you shit
4 top 20 and "FATE OF THE UNIVERSE" Iguodala
Draymond isn’t a top 20 player and this season has clearly revealed that.  Put any player next to Durant, Curry, Klay, and Iggy and they will look like a star.  He was literally not being defended
missing Klay in a big way
kyrie is arguable against dame
Kyrie played like a top 10 guy today which is the spirit of OC’s point.
Honestly idk about top 10 but Kyrie averaging 28 4.5 and 6 and feels underrated to me
He plays like one when it's a narrative gamr
How are you gonna disrespect Dray *and* Klay in the same breath?
I'd say both Kyrie and '17-'19 Klay are/were top 10 players. They may been number ten, but they were top 10.
lmao jesus
it's arguable on any given night he can play at that level when healthy
>	Kyrie isn't top 10, neither was Draymond/Klay

Draymond was the second best player on a 73 win team and took the GOAT to 7 in the finals but lost. He was absolutely a top ten player in the league
Draymond was 100 percent top 10 in 2016 and 2017. Klay was always top 15 like Kyrie
Kyrie certainly has a case for top 10 in some seasons. '16 Draymond was a DPOY-level defender that could both shoot and pass, he has a great case for top 10. Every meaningful metric that includes defensive impact have him as a top 10 player that season.
Well klay wasn't playing so..
That’s cool but doesn’t it also sting this only occurred because Harden bailed on your team
How's Poole been doing in the G-league?
Lin's not on contract. We'd need to cut someone _cough_ Smiley _cough_
Do people really think Poole and Lin are better than Brad
I mean, I feel like Brickmaker would've been the better way to go with that joke, but...
Oui
That too it was their first game together.
The East runs through the Cavs after all
Wasn't that their first game together?
Damn assumed they'd be like 5-5 just off the R/NBA narratives
No surprise, the East runs through Cleveland
If only we’d fouled Sexton so he couldn’t hit that 3
FATE OF THE UNIVERSE
Iguodala had 0 offense since KD joined the warriors. Much rather have wiggins
Trading him is the reason we have wiggins and the wolves pick
What offense would Dre provide? Love him but he would also be  a poor fit, we need shooters, playmakers, literally anyone with an offensive game.
He finished to the rim very well tho so that slightly cancels out the 3 point slump. I agree that was a bad shooting game for him. When you the GOAT shooter , you're held to that standard
Paschall
Yeah he won't regularly score a lot like he did today but he brings it all the time on defense and fighting for rebounds which is what this team needs the most to support the 3 stars
i miss him dearly
What stands out to me is how often he's in the right place. Like, his sense of where to position himself on the court is solid. His biggest limitation is just his size.
am I the only one who always reads Bruce Brown as Bruce Bowen and instantly recoil thinking it's the dirty spurs player?
Curry wins dancing, man, not even a question
I gain a new ulcer on every bricked corner 3
https://streamable.com/nkqtyp
It's weird, the Warriors looked like they were expecting Rockets Harden where the pace is much slower and it's just iso iso iso, but Nets Harden is fast paced, push ahead for a ton of transition buckets, and constant back screens and cuts.

Also I'm not sure if they thought Bruce Brown was a ref or something, but they seemed to ignore him for the majority of the game.
Also there were a lot of wide open 3s for everyone. Just couldn't convert. 2-9 3s for Curry is bad for his standards
It had nothing to do with being good enough. It was just piss poor effort
If you can't abuse Brooklyn's weakness at center then you lose. 

GS didn't have a center available.
Well, we have 9 non-injured guys on our roster w/ no center, and this is the 5th (?) game we've had to go completely small ball. As Kerr said, that shit wears you down. We used to be able to go small for longer periods of time b/c Dray hadn't declined as much and KD was a good help defender for rim protection. 

When Dray went down I thought Kerr's statement about going small too much turns into wear and tear and injuries had finally come true and the season was over, but thank god he didn't tear something.

JTA was doing well the last 4 games, but tonight he looked gas af, as did Draymond and even Wiggins. Idk where Oubre gets that eternal energy from... just wish he knew how to use it better.
Yee. He's all good thankfully, it was an issue where his knee locked up, supposedly he's dealt with it before, that's why he was able to play some more.
People call him Kai?
Apparently.
Pistons
Michael Kay especially
[deleted]
I feel like TLC and Shamet would get more of his assists but they usually just brick or turn the ball over. 

KD, Joe, Green, Kyrie and Brown just tend to actually convert. Heck even DJ converts more than those two, and he messes up a bunch too.
Burger King legend
[deleted]
Yeah Harden and MDA definitely are more than familiar with our stuff, and have had sucess against it in the past. All 3 of the Nets stars have always destroyed the Warriors
...Under real Steve Nash, he definitely teached Harden a couple of passing tricks.
He literally said he's obviously an all star, he just doesn't like the way he handled things. 

People didn't listen to the podcast
Brown deserves a spot but not over the best SG in the league fax
I don't mind his reasoning, Harden fucked around to start the season, came in out of shape and gave half hearted effort to force his trade.

It's not like the media votes for All Stars anyways, that's just his perspective.
...and then proceeded to say he'd leave him off his ballot, which is exactly why everyone is clowning him, but go off
Why would that have anything to do with All-Star considerations though? He’s the best SG in the league, he’s an All-Star.
Someone mentioned he used to have his leg lock up in college sometimes, and it can still happen.  Not sure that is the reason, but the fact he came right back out in the 2nd half indicates it's something that is ongoing.
he's just a contrarian shithead who knows his best days are behind him, he does this with every team and player
/r/nba has better discourse than anything jakcson and van gundy added last night. that running man gag they did was embarrassing
And most of the other ones too
we'll be saying this a lot then
So like 99% of the time?
How so?
I mean there’s still a big difference between trash and making the finals 

Personally philly is my favorite to make it out of the east
Just say Laker fans mate. They seem to be the ones running with this “we aren’t scared of the Nets” bullshit
The Warriors without a center, no less.
What about the Clippers, Celtics, Bucks, and Utah?
Team that beat the Lakers and Clippers from massive comeback wins. I don’t see why you’re treating them like some joke
He's been exposed
Aw shit FUCK! TRADE THIS BUM I'D RATHER HAVE TRAE
Not saying that joke has any validity, but I do think this game was the difference between him being in contention for mvp or not.
They'll be back when the Warriors reach the 5th or 4th seed.
Well he's definitely not more popular
[deleted]
[deleted]
He had a better game than many top players averages. 27 on 10/17 is very good even if he was cold from 3. 

Steph is held to crazy standards man.
I watched, this was my first chance to watch them since they got Harden. Y'all did a good job defending Curry, but Golden States poor shooting had much more to do with them than the defense, it seemed. Golden State got to the rim basically at will, but finishing seemed iffy outside of Steph. The defense was better than I expected, but I don't think I'm personally prepared to call it good.
KD and Draymond probably eating dinosaur eggs together at a $50,000 plate restaurant laughing at the comments that they hate each other.

Meanwhile those comments coming from an overweight guy drinking sugar water behind on his bills never played ball in his life. 


Go figure.
Except KD is actually one of those randos on Twitter that tends to take things a bit seriously
As opposed to us intellectuals on reddit talking the same exact shit.
If I was an NBA superstar, media would make me out to be a disgusting vile human because I surgically berate my close friends when they say something stupid. It’s tucking stupid man, just focus on the players balling
when harden/cp3/capela played:

50-3 in regular season

8-2 first 2 rounds of playoffs

3-2 against GSW in playoffs

that team was crazy.
Thank you.  It's also really a disservice to the Warriors and how good they were.  There wasn't a team really comparable to them during that time.
Was just talking to my friends about this. The double standard of that situation is ridiculous. We talk about that Warriors team as the best team ever and how if healthy no one could beat them. Then we don’t give harden any credit for beating them 3/5 games when he had his full roster healthy, then having double digit leads in game 6 and 7 without Chris Paul, and then missing 27 straight 3s.

First of all, I don’t think people really understand the anomaly that 27 missed 3s is. Yes I can understand they became predictable and this and that, but that type of performance will most likely never happen again. Second, yes people give harden credit for it if you ask about the scenario, but when looking at his career everyone just defaults to “he’s a choker who couldn’t get it done by himself.” 

That rockets team absolutely was good enough to win it all and harden was good enough to be the alpha of a championship team.
Tbh 2018 warriors are noticeably worse than their 2017 one.
Didnt draymond said durant started to become more unhappy after winning in 2017 because people didnt see him as the best after winning a ring and become more selfish as a result.
Wasn't it in 2019? Aka "The Real Finals"?
Might have even won if CP3 hadn't went down too. Harden is so overhated
Didnt the warriors have a starter injured that series? Bogut right?
IMO it’s a bigger feat than the raptors championship. 

I’ll take that rockets team over the raptors championship squad
Plus they had a real good shot if CP3 didn’t go down.
7 games and a half** they were leading by 16 I think? on the half
History will forget about Houston but damn did they give it their all on like 3 different occasions.  Played GSW better than anybody else.
Cavs beat the Warriors if JR doesn’t forget the score which caused them to lose the game which caused LeBron to injure his hand. It was very noticeable the next 3 games.
Cavs beat the Warriors if JR doesn’t forget the score which caused them to lose the game which caused LeBron to injure his hand. It was very noticeable the next 3 games.
With the fate of the universe on the line. I choose, IGUODALA!
I WANT IGUODALA
lol yeah, plus they literally won 73 games, the most in NBA history, and went to 7 against probably the #2 player in NBA history to just barely lose a chip.

KD joining GSW was all kinds of broken. It would have been like if MJ joined the Showtime Lakers, or Magic went to MJ's Bulls.
> I swear it's like folks tried to discount how good the Warriors really were.

Warriors were simultaneously not that good and also Thanos.
yeah the one game KD played 12 minutes in the finals, they won.  like we got 4.75 games of that from KD and then our "reward" was only facing 3 hall of famers in game 6.
lol Thanos era is kinda a perfect way of putting it. they were inevitable
And no one's asking for it lol. The past 5 years was enough basketball joy for all our lifetimes the rest of Steph/Klay/Dray's career is just icing on the cake
We don’t need sympathy from anybody. We got Minny’s pick and got Wiseman. We still winning lmao.
Oh no what will I do without sympathy from u/longdonginyourmom
If Gobert as a DPOY is a top 20 player why isn't Draymond? Especially given how integral his passing is to GS success

Klay was the best 3&D player in the league and fits on every single team. He wouldn't lead a team to the playoffs by himself but he would make any team instantly so much better
If you slapped him on those Pacers teams he'd be the best player and they'd be a pretty fierce team to get through. He's also more versatile than this sub gives him credit for. He's not giving you flashy dribbles or creating a lot of shots for others but he can create his own shot and if he's getting 10 3s a game and full offensive focus he can do a lot more than he does now.
Draymond is like a necessity guy when you're in a playoff run. Klay is ultra clutch when game is on the line. You just can't pass up someone with that nuclear potential
Top 20 is fair, top 10 no except maybe 2016 Draymond
really isnt

dame is averaging 30/8 over the past two seasons with a 62.7% TS% **as the clear best player on his team**
This guy didn’t even list KD tho
Agreed
Honestly he has been playing as a top-10 guy from the start of the season.
He’s generally considered top 20, that’s about as rated as you can be without being considered top 10 lol
Averaging 28 on good efficiency sure, but he has Durant/Harden spacing the floor and terrible defense. Every single player in the top 10 is solidly better than Kyrie.
Cuz hes a curry stan more than a warriors fan. Dudes every breath is made to somehow gas up curry even at the expense of the team
17-19 Klay was not a top-10 player by a fucking mile. You realize we are talking about Klay as a whole, not just when he is hot. And he used to have some extended periods of cold spells.
Klay wasn't even better than Draymond in any season they both played and are starters. Check the impact metrics, check the box score composites, they're not particularly close.
Not a chance that Klay was a top 10 player
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ueah he was sitting on the bench thinking he could have made any difference.
Nope.
Scoring a lot but inefficiently his first two games. His playmaking is nice.

His game today was stellar.
I don't get it. Smiley is a player the org obviously wants to treat as a project, and Lin is a player who is 32, had his peak a decade ago, has had multiple career dampening injuries. Even if Smiley is bad, which is probably the case, Lin isn't much different than Wanamaker in terms of moving the needle. At his peak he was an athletic driving guard that relied on an explosive first step to take defenders off guard. He's definitely not the high IQ 2014 spurs 2021 jazz ball movement passer Kerr would like (Klay, Green, Curry). 

I get the representation angle I really do i'm asian american. But Lin isn't Yao Ming--he really isn't even Hachimura. I'm not even sure he's better than Yuta right now. Representation really makes a difference when its counteracting the inherent advantage non-marginalized groups have (wealth, access to tutors or coaches, inherent biases, etc) because it levels the playing field. 

You'd need a lot to level the playing field vs Lin. I mean whats the upside? If the upside is he's no worse than Wanamaker, I don't ever want to see Wanamaker play another minute. Not even garbage time because other players deserve it more. All he does is yolo drive at the basket and pray he doesn't lose handle of the ball. Maybe he'll yolo chuck the ball once in a while (this is only partially an exaggeration).  

If the org wants to show it cares about representation theres a lot of other ways they can show it besides tanking the roster. Maybe Lin can host Asian American basketball camps post-covid and foster the youth. Maybe Lin can be an ambassador and help foreign (asian) leagues connect with the org idk.
Poole yes, Lin no
Oui oui mon ami
Sexton just refused to lose that night
We've lost a bunch with 2/3 or 1/3
I WANT IGUODALA!
Iggy has more basketball IQ than like half the team combined he is a strong playmaker and can shoot pretty well
I mean 2-9 is bad for anyone lmao
[deleted]
trading him for kurucs was idiotic even at the time
Interesting, why do you think so? Personally I see your point that currys footwork is saucy. But then there’s the argument that Lebron can “travel” which means he has great endurance I think
Props to Harden for taking a role cut.
Harden was perfect passing out of double teams.  Warriors didn’t have any rim protectors with 3 injured centers and the best two weak side helpers (Draymond and Wiggins) had their hands full with their own assignments.

Someone should put up brown’s shot chart.  I swear every one of his shots was within 5 feet of the rim and assisted by one of Harden, KD, or Kyrie
Just letting Bruce Brown stand under the hoop and take uncontested layups.
THANK GOD! I watched the clip and was immediately worried it was an ACL. Dray goes down and our season is over.
yep, it's because those are his initials.. kyrie andrew irving
He calls himself that
Can't forget my standard r/nba message: 

"Fuck SAS."
These are still the same people... “Rockets Harden” is not a different entity from “Nets Harden”, he’s just a normal human being capable of making selfless decisions
His Fat suit checks out
Curry wasn't doubled. We switched everything. He had his chances to go one on one and he did score a lot on these switches attacking the rim.
I already acknowledged his reasoning; it's just that his reasoning is still stupid. 

Harden's tumultuous end with the Rockets (which, is a little blown outta proportion compare to what superstars like Kawhi did) has no bearing on him being a Top 5 NBA player for the past 7 years and being a clear allstar yet again this year... especially in the East where it's even easier to be one
Although he didn't ding Kyrie for the same bullshit. That wasn't his finest pod.
yeah, but that's the asg not the nobel peace prize lmao
This sub is filled with reactionary clowns who can't handle disagreements or nuanced arguments. Easily the worst of the major sports subs (being worse than /r/soccer is a real feat).
>I don't mind his reasoning, Harden fucked around to start the season, came in out of shape and gave half hearted effort to force his trade.

But how does that have a bearing on whether or not he is a good enough player to be an All Star? He didn't actually miss too many games compared to a lotta other potential allstars

Even in his first game, 'out of shape' (which is a narrative not grounded in reality, he always looks 'out of shape' early every year), he dropped 44 points and 17 assists like he just picked up where he left off

[https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/lj9tbl/zach\_lowe\_says\_his\_10\_eastern\_conference\_all\_star/](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/lj9tbl/zach_lowe_says_his_10_eastern_conference_all_star/)

There's no way guys like Jaylen Brown are a lock over James Harden.
I mean it’s like the guy who gave a FMVP vote for FVV even though Kawhi clearly deserved it. But fuck it, no harm done
He's not leaving him off on any ballot because the media doesn't vote for anything but the starters.

He literally said it has nothing to do with his play and that he's obviously a star. And that if they voted on the reserves, he'd be on the list
Because the Rockets were terrible with Harden mailing it in before he got traded and in Lowe's eyes that shouldn't be rewarded with an all-star spot.
I look at Durant play the basketball and it’s fucking unfair to play against the dude when he’s having a good night, even if you’re a world class basketball athlete. And I don’t know much about analytics, but I know enough to know that his scoring and efficiency numbers combined are fucking insane. He’s decisively the second best player of the 2010s
Oh def, there are no guarantees in the NBA. But we had people saying we were gonna be first round exits a few weeks ago
Naw, a lotta us on our sub recognize the Nets are a major threat and arguably better, we just can't stand having to deal with facing a superteam, as childish as it sounds. The Clips are real good too

The one contender a lotta fellow Laker fans disrespect is the Jazz, if anything... but at least that one's warranted due to they've only proven their worth with 25 games in. They need to prove it in the playoffs

Anyways, only Reddit gets all psuedo-intellectual with takes downplaying the Nets ('there's only one ball'). Everyone else in the NBA world knows the Nets are most dangerous team due to one word; superstars.
I don't think anyone is really discounting the nets, lakers fans are just confident in their team?
[deleted]
I mean they also lost to the Pistons, Raptors and Wizards. I think it's obvious you need defense to win an NBA title, and they're not good at that.
It’s so hard to judge us rn. 

We beat the nuggs when we had JA. We came back against LAC after looking horrible. We had a stretch of games with none of the big three. 

Every PGT for us should just be “reserve judgement till after the buyout period”
The warriors shouldn’t be the bar even if they beat both LA teams... the team as a whole is inconsistent and the bench is suspect. They aren’t jokes but they aren’t contenders
I'm treating them like a joke how?

They'd be 7th in the West with that record, they lost to the Pistons, Raptors and Wizards, and their defense is average at best. Imho they've got everything to prove yet.
Clearly no longer top 10, Stephews in shambles!
He and draymond team low +/- at -26, clearly the warriors need to drop these frauds
Meh. He would’ve needed to drop 50 to win. It was more of a litmus test to see how well these Warriors stack against the absolute best teams in the league, not necessarily an MVP check tbh.
Fair point. There isn’t a clear cut MVP at the moment, so winning this game would have catapulted Steph into the conversation.
[deleted]
70% TS, and losing against one of the best teams in the league. Man would’ve needed at least 50 to compete, and expecting a 50 piece is dumb
Yea LeFraud really isn’t in the same conversation as Steph tbh
For him less than 40% on 3 is a bad game
That's fair enough
dino nuggies
With diamonds sprinkled all over em
this is why i can't take NBA players serious when they talk about BLM and being oppressed and shit


go back to eating ur dinosaur eggs and shut up with that nonsense
Guaranteed the majority of the league has burners—KD just happened to be the one to get caught. His Twitter shenanigans are usually pretty funny (liking that podcaster's girlfriend's IG pics, etc). I don't think he takes it *that* seriously.
50-3? What the fuck?
It's mind boggling how anyone can disrespect the Rockets for that season. There were hot takes after that series that it was proof that Harden couldn't seal the deal but the only reason it was even a conversation is because he lead the team to a seven game series against probably the best team ever.

I mean I hated the Rockets but I respected the hell out of them.
Warriors and rockets fans reconciling? I guess time does heal everything
This is why 3-6 is a sign that the person I’m listening to is a buffoon
Honestly the Rockets should have won the championship in 2018.
I think 0/27 was inevitable given how worn down our team was from injuries at that point. Ariza has never been more than a streaky shooter and having to guard the best shooters on the best team maybe ever night after night was obviously going to hurt his shooting, and harden having to carry almost the entirety of the offensive load through not just the playoffs but the season. Sure, we got some unlucky bounces and calls...but at the end of the day things happened for a reason.
Also in the 0-27 Harden made 2 threes that should have been 4 point plays but instead got waved off and put back on the floor, AND Ariza was 0-12 from 3 that game. He pretty much single handedly lost us that game. Wide open shots for days and you go 0-12 and yet Harden takes the blame for 0-27. People love to rewrite how things went down.
No, he wasn't. If he was, they wouldn't go 0-27 and would win the championship.
It's wild how the 2017 cavs were pretty markedly better than 2016 but the 2017 Warriors were so good it didnt matter at all
Df was Durant thinking tho?
They mean 2018 playoffs, 2017-2018 season.
2019 the Rockets lost to KD less Warriors in 6 games
You're probably thinking about Mr. Fate of the universe Iguodala. Bogut wasn't with us in 2018
Idk think anyone will forget about the Harden Houston teams. People still talk about the nineties Jazz and the 7SOL Suns. The best "losers" are always remembered.
The 2018 series was the NBA Finals that year in my opinion
I think the 2016 Cavs earned that honor
Weren't the Rockets 3-2 up on the Ws then CP3 got injured for games 6 and 7 which those lost? Probably win the chip if he plays both those games
“Which caused Lebron to injure his hand” because he punched a wall like a child?
IG WA DOLLA
What if the Martians have the death beam pointed at earth?
That's how people acted.

Before the Rockets-Warriors series most people and pundits were like:

*The Warriors are favored and will win the series*

After the series a lot of these same people were like,

*WHY DIDN'T THE ROCKETS WIN THAT SERIES!?*
Let that boy come home to Toronto
huh, you're right. i was going off of kyrie having better efficiency this year but yeah.
still arguable
Good efficiency is kind of underselling it. But I agree, he's not top 10. 

Lebron
Curry
KD
Giannis
Jokic
Embiid
Harden
Kawhi
Luka
Dame
AD

could all come before him.
Please. Hardens playing good defense foh
He was averaging similar numbers the year before lol before his injury, people here don't seem to realise he's in his prime right now
How is he being a Curry stan? Klay and Dray are not top 10 players.
Lmao damn dude, did I fuck your girl or something? 

I’m just being reasonable. They weren’t top ten and I’m not less of a Warriors fan because I won’t stan like an idiot.
there were still people thinking klay was better than harden in 2016 dude. "muh 2 way player" and all that
>17-19 Klay was not a top-10 player by a fucking mile.


Ok give me your top 10 for those years, with the 10th best player on that list being miles ahead of Klay, since that's what you're insinuating the case was. My opinion is he could very easily be seen as the 10th best player in the league over those years, but according to you not even close.
r/NBA literally voted Draymond as a top10 player a that time. Funny how time changes perspectives to where it's now funny to suggest he ever was one.
39% from 3 in 2016? 37 points pulled off a Lu Dort in Game 7 in the finals?
It's the appeal of the unknown. We know Wanamaker isn't it, we don't know that Lin isn't. I feel the same way, I don't expect Lin to be any good. I want the bubble to be over so we can get Poole and Nico back


I'd tie Brad to a 2nd round pick and trade him to get him off the roster and still cut Smiley, sign JTA to a full contract and use the open two-way contract on a center that can actually play right now because obviously only having 2 centers isn't enough.
Before someone says "why so mad" I've been seeing "why isn't Lin playing" comments and posts since his raptors stint. Its getting rather irritating. Imagine if people start posting "why not give Wanamaker more minutes."
Haven't they been a huge losing stream since those Nets games though?  Used all his power that night
He earned that fucking w. Willed it into existence.
Young Bull built different
Just Sexton things. Remember that 3v5 college game?
And we haven't heard about sexton from that night onwards
He refused to lose that night led to him losing daily afterwards tragic
Dre, shoot well, does not compute. He is a good playmaker and has high IQ, maybe he could have been the leader of a somewhat cohesive bench unit with his leadership though. I miss him, but I think you are overestimating his scoring.
Man you really downvoted for saying the truth lol. It happens, sucks it happened this game but whatever. On to the next.
Have you been asleep? He's been getting plenty of minutes and well deserved. He's earned them a while ago...
It wasn’t for Kurucs, it was for Dzanan Musa and idk if he’s even in the league anymore
For sure, and it makes him the scariest part of the Nets team
He's playing more like a traditional PG. I'm not sure if this is a role cut or a role transition, but its been working well. They can also all revert back to iso when their minutes are staggered its a very versatile offense. Imagine if they had a reasonable center instead of DJ, or even just an all defense 0 offence center.
Real talk I never knew that lol thought it was a stylized way of calling him "ky" for short instead of his full name
Huh, I always thought it was Ky'.
I mean, he *did* come two boards short of a triple double. All he has to do is up those numbers and learn to Chaos Dunk and he'll become the Barkley of PGs
Yeah he did. He brought it up
Yeah, and if his vote counted, he'd include him. But it doesn't, so he's saying that for completely unbasketball reasons he doesn't want him to be an all star
>nuanced arguments.

Nothing nuanced about Lowe's argument. At all.
It's reasonable to say Hardens clearly the better player, but JBs contributed more to his team in the East than Harden has. I'm not even saying I agree, but it's not a braindead argument. 

Kobe got voted in when he was injured, that's braindead.
Issue is that Zach Lowe left Harden off All-NBA in 2016 for a similar line of reasoning. Call out bad takes when they're bad takes
>He's not leaving him off on any ballot because the media doesn't vote for anything but the starters.

He released a podcast titled "Selecting the 2021 All-Stars with Kevin Arnovitz" because he wants people to know his opinions on who should and shouldn't be an All-Star. His starters picks matter more because he has a vote there, but his take still exists that he wouldn't vote Harden an All-Star.

> And that if they voted on the reserves, he'd be on the list

Stop making shit up, I'll even quote him for you. And it having nothing to do with his play is something worth clowning him for too. It's that reason and line of thinking that led him to leave Harden off 3rd team All-NBA in 2016.

"I'm not above just being like, you loafed your way off a team to get tradedtraded and pouted and dropped the honey buns without wearing a mask and all that. I'm not above being like, on my fake All-Star roster, that doesn't matter because James Harden is going to make the All-Star game and he is an All-Star, I'll just leave you off this year. He's not a lock for me."
to be fair to zach, harden is the first star to ever force his way off of a team, so i can see where he's coming from.
Except harden is all of that and an elite playmaker lol. Harden matches durants efficiency while eclipsing his volume and being the point guard
i have comments saved saying this exact thing.
Cared enough to mention them
Time to trade both of them for picks!
Sure but if he wins the game his argument gets a bit boost. It's just unfortunate he was cold from 3 and honestly didn't look engaged on offense or defense. I also don't think he needed to drop 50. Shore up the defense on those back door cuts and make a couple more 3s and it's an entirely different game
Yeah that's what I way saying. Curry is more popular by far
Nobody cares about ts% bail out (free throws) 

Dumbest stat of all time
I would say a cold night from 3, not a bad game.
Flair checks out
Cuz it makes their dookie twinkle
yeah, won the first 25 games with all 3.

i have no way to look it up but i wonder if it's the best record ever when considering 3 guys all playing (assuming they are playing real minutes).

people forget cp3 only played 58 games (and went 53-5) and we still won 65.
Yeah, literally the only reason we won is because they went 0-27 on 3's. All it would've taken is 4-27 and the Rockets would've made the Finals. I've never been a fan of Harden's style of play, but to use 2018 as proof that he can't lead a team to success in the playoffs is just ridiculous. He's an all-time great for sure.
*led not lead
Regardless I'm still so fucking glad we didn't lose to harden. Whatever the reason is I dont care. I wasn't a huge fan of kd coming here at first but he helped us knock out the rockets 2 more times which was great
Best team to never win a ring besides the '17 Spurs, the '16 Spurs, the '13 Spurs, and the '06 Spurs
most of it the rivalry left when harden left.
It’s because it was never a rivalry
i mean 27 is not inevitable.  the overall 7/45 shooting in the game probably was though like you said.  we were already shortening the rotation against the warriors because you couldn't play anderson and gerald green.  then LMAM gets hurt and you're down to like 6.5 guys you trust.  and then cp3 gets hurt and you've been chasing the warriors off the 3 point line for 7 straight games at full 100% energy on defense.  the legs weren't there.
Yeah and his backup LRMAM was out too
0/27 is absolutely never inevitable lmao. You can say an awful shooting night was inevitable, but they could've gone 4/27, which is still insanely bad, and still won.
Those 4 point plays were such BS, I was heated at the time. I can admit I don’t love Harden all the time but I always root for guys to have their legacy games when it’s time, and that game was so deflating for me.
They are better on offense but worse on defense.
2016 cavs were 9th on defense,2017 was 21st.


If 2017 cavs were as good as 2016 cavs on defense that series would have been more competitive
Yes i know that.
That season warriors is worse than the season prior is my point
Kevin Durant played in 19 of 24 quarters in that series.

Stop being disingenuous.
No, they lost 1 game to the KD-less Warriors.

You’re making it sound like KD wasnt out there averaging 35 a game for 5 games and saving their asses game in game out
Without KD the Warriors would've lost
Harden's Houston years are some of the best years to end without a Finals appearance ever. Those are years of his career defined by being one of the best to ever do it while going against possibly the best team of players ever assembled.
Yeah but not in a positive way. People laugh at Jim Kelly's Bills making 4 SBs in a row, not admitting what a monumental achievement that was. Tom Brady is the GOAT and has been to 10 of them and won 7, but he has never even been to 3 in a row, and only went to two in a row once.
I think he's talking about the Warriors with Snake
Yeah.  They win that series otherwise.
It really isn’t. The last couple of years Dame has been firmly ahead of Kyrie.
Paul George and Beal too imo
Lol I never said anything about Harden's defense and I don't see how that's relevant to Kyrie's performance.

That said, Harden's defense has been terrible.
Yeah he's been absolutely stellar on the nets. Last year without any serious offensive stars around him he was putting up huge performances
That dude dislikes me a lot. He follows me around and calls me a stephew when I’m not even talking about Curry. It’s weird
Lebron
Steph
Kd
Harden
Cp3
Wall
Dame
AD
Paul George
Kawhi
Westbrook

Thats 11. You can also add Cousins, Kyrie and Aldridge ahead of Klay easily. This being 2016 after all.

Miles ahead? Not really but he was firmly outside the top 10.
Tbf he was left open for almost all those shots. But at least he hit them unlike barnes
Lin has been in the league for almost a decade. Whats unknown about him?

I don't think its worth signing a center. Chriss was pretty good at least as a 2nd unit center before he got injured. Looney can play the 4 or be a 3rd option center, and if Wiseman doesn't develop into at least a starter caliber player we have different problems.

Agree with JTA I think he can be pretty solid with the 2nd unit next year. Paschall/Chriss/JTA should give most 2nd units trouble.
Damn yeah they won the game against us right after also and are now 2-10 since
WORTH IT
Yeah Dre's more of a shot maker than a shooter. But Kerr's teams since 2014 have proved that high IQ passing and screening can create offensive spacing (shooting definitely helps, but it can be done without it) and Andre still excels at that, especially with the chemistry he has with Steph and Dray.
" or even just an all defense 0 offence center. "

They got the goat Norvelle Pelle for this dont worry
Never disrespect Warriors legend Ky Bowman
can we really say harden had a good game if it wasn't even a trip dub? ^^^/s
Brought it up but called him a lock lmao
> It's reasonable to say Hardens clearly the better player, but JBs contributed more to his team in the East than Harden has

You are being delusional with this take.
I didn't make up anything. He said that **on his list that doesn't matter**, Harden isn't on it

But he also said in that same podcast that Harden is obviously playing at an all star level and that he should make it - aka, he knows he's an all star and should be.
Look man if you want to make the argument for Harden > Durant you can do that, but even Harden knows the pecking order in Brooklyn. Durant is no question the go-to guy and everyone else on the team slow down their production so he has more of the pie whatever team he plays for, unless there was a hypothetical terror team which also had LeBron.
Give me Trae Young, Kevin Huerter and Gallo
Yeah it definitely would. Although tbh as much as it’s bad to allow backdoors cuts I’d imagine the gameplan was to throw bodies on the Big 3 as much as possible. Team defense just isn’t consistent imo.
Ai got it
Math is math. Stats don’t care what you think is dumb, just the numbers. It’s more like you don’t care about TS% lmao. And he had like 5 free throws. Without that it’s still 65% TS.
I don't know, he's fucking durable. He literally might be made of lead.
I will always die on the hill of if cp3 doesn’t get hurt game 5 things in that series end way different
This. Thank you, people shit on dantonis rotations like he had a damn choice
In fairness to the 2017 cavs, they handed the '17 Warriors their only postseason loss. Which happened to be their second lost game in the last 3 months. But I agree they couldve pushed it to 6 games or so.
Unless I'm missing something, they lost the previous year and added KD the next... They were definitely not better before KD was added to an already elite team.
i think we had something like the 30th best SRS ever and some of the teams ahead of us didn't do any better in the playoffs and when you factor in harden/cp3/capela only playing together for 53 regular season games, we were probably a cut above 30th at full strength.  definitely one of the best teams to not win a title and better than a fairly significant number of actual title winners.
>he has never even been to 3 in a row

uhhhh...

XXXVI: Patriots 20, Rams 17

XXXVIII: Patriots 32, Panthers 29

XXXIX: Patriots 24, Eagles 21

XLII: Giants 17, Patriots 14

XLVI: Giants 21, Patriots 17

XLIX: Patriots 28, Seahawks 24

**LI: Patriots 34, Falcons 28 (OT)**

**LII: Eagles 41, Patriots 33**

**LIII: Patriots 13, Rams 3**

LV: Bucaneers 31, Chiefs 9

I do agree with you that the Bills going to 4 in a row was amazing.
... So far....
It's ridiculous. Unless you're a homer, saying that Klay and Dray aren't top 10 players isn't disrespecting them. I'd love to see the two users above list their top 10.
Ok if we zero in on 15-16 worst player (so 10th ranked) is either PG or Wall, and I don't think either were miles ahead of Klay and the stats back it up. You could even argue Klay was better than them but that's another discussion. So I don't think you can say he was firmly outside top 10, which would basically mean he'd be ranked 15th+.
I meant it's unknown if he is as bad as Wanamaker or if he still has something left.


Chriss is done for the season. So we have two centers. Looney isn't exactly known for staying healthy. So a 3rd center is needed
True but we need someone to do it with Paschal, Wiggins, Poole, and Oubre. He def could be the leadership that lineup needs though. They have no one to look to. Wiggins is he most experienced player and while he is very good this year an effective vet presence would do him and the bench lineup wonders.
Delusional that someone can have an argument to vote for Jaylen Brown over Harden? I don't even agree with Lowe, I'm just saying that he's not a fucking idiot for accounting for different things. At least name a stat for how I'm being delusional or something.

Jesus, it's the All Star vote, people can vote for who they want. I disagree with Simmons putting Dame and Luka ahead of Steph, but I don't think he's an idiot.
Just like he knew he was All-NBA and should be but left off his ballot right?
Hardens been there most important player in almost every game so far..
Guy shot 4-19 in a finals game and had a ts% of 60. Dumbest stat ever
I don't think he watches basketball. His takes are insane
If you watch Wanamaker play, then watch Lin on the raptors play, you can probably make an assessment about how much he has to give. And honestly, if we're comparing players to Wanamaker, I don't want him. Even if he's slightly better. 

This season is kind of a rebuild; we realistically aren't going to ever be better than 6th, and its pretty unlikely we win an entire series against a top 5 team given our lack of Klay. Wiseman and whatever Loon can offer should be enough to make playoffs, which is all we really want this year. Get the first playoffs jitters out of the way with paschall and wiseman so they won't be shocked by how the game changes next year. A third center won't help next season unless its a star center (but that means trading serious capital away). 

Even if we were to push this season, who do we get? If theres a cheap yet talented center, the Nets would be on it. We're not getting AD, Bam, Jokic, Embiid, Jarret Allen, Gobert, Zu, Ayton, KP, Zion(? He plays forward), Giannis, Vuce (wiseman for Vuce? idk if I even want to make that trade, even though curry/green/klay/vuce is for sure a contender).
He hasn’t done that lmao stop lying
Guy is top 10 all time in finals PPG. Cry more.
I didn't say trade for a center. I literally said sign a center to a two-way contract.

2 centers is not enough. That's blatantly obvious with our lack of centers in the lineup right now.
Guy can’t back himself up with stats and just uses out of context accolades to back his point. He’s just a troll.
[deleted]
Why not sign a 3nD with hopes of signing him for real? 

We haven't seen Chriss/Wiseman/Looney switching minutes yet. Green/Paschall can play small 5.
You know damn well he deserved the 2015 FMVP. Unless you think LeBron deserved it. In that case you’re an idiot, but then Steph would deserve 2019 FMVP. Dude is top 15 all time and second best PG all time. I’m going to enjoy the fuck out of his career regardless of what people like you think.
Because we obviously need a 3rd center on the roster. You want to go through another stretch of games with no centers because Wiseman and Looney are down? Or more likely just 1 center because Looneys down? A 3rd center fixes that. 



You're focusing on next season as if this season is about to end.
Lmfao he wasn’t even second in voting since  he was a straight liability in half the games 


Typical delusional stephew
I'm focusing on next season because we get Klay and Chriss back.

As for this season, the existing roster should be able to crack playoffs. Maybe 8th seed, but honestly a 2way center won't make us a 2nd round team anyway so we were always gonna get one series.
Holy shit do you actually think that the guy that “held” LeBron to 36/13/9 deserved it? Kinda hypocritical calling me delusional there.

Edit: also apparently 102 DRTG is a liability lol
Literally not even second place. They would have got swept without iiggy

I honestly feel bad for draymond  tough. Curry straight robbed him of a finals mvp in 2016. If only dray had some help in that game 7. Guy played his heart out
Take away lebron from all his teams and they probably win the finals tbh. Really fucked over all his teammates in 2011. Good thing he gave them some ringpops to suck on the next year tho
Take Steph away and they lose G1 by 18, G2 by 21, G3 by 32, and G4 by 1 to get swept. But nothing I’m going to say will change your mind because you probably get off on talking crap about Steph.
Harden with 30/14/15/2 and ZERO turnovers. Good fucking lord
I don't feel bad losing to the best player in the league: Bruce Brown
sorry jennifer we tried
Don't mind Nic Claxton he's just a 7 footer with a 7'3 wingspan who thrives at switching onto guards
Crazy good stuff from harden today - 30/15/14 and 0 turnovers. Also Bruce Brown is a god, elite role player
Pop pulled his starters in OT... I don't ever think I've seen that happen in OT...
Nicolas Claxton: 17/3/1 with 3 blocks and a steal on 7/9 shooting in only **17** minutes. Plus his amazing defense when switching onto guys like DeMar and Patty Mills. He’s so fucking good

Oh, and this was only his 19th career game
Brooklyn Borough Bresident Big Bad Bruce Brown Beats Bruce Bowen's Beleaguered Brogeny But Brooklyn Boys Believe Bowen's Brogeny Balled Beautifully
[The Brooklyn Nets Win!](https://streamable.com/wm4jcr)



https://streamable.com/wm4jcr



Nets now have a 5-43 franchise record in San Antonio!  **BOOM!**  No one beats us in their city for more than 18 or 19 years in a row!  Let that be a lesson to you.


Also, Nicholas "The Alchemist" Claxton is a thing now.


On to Houston and the final game of the first half!


*Let's Go Nets!*


**BROOKLYN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**
Legend has it that the ball is still off of the Spurs
James Harden is having a crazy season and media doesn't seem to notice it
30/14/15 oh baby
GG Spurs! Hell of a fight for being out so many guys. Props
Harden had 4r-6a before he scored his first point.

This man is a gift from heaven
I’m just here to simp for Dejounte Murray
Seriously don’t understand the Pistons just handing Brown to the Nets and then getting Delon Wright made no sense
That Harden fella is pretty good, isn't he?
The curse of losing in San Antonio just needed to make a final kick
Harden is playing so much better than curry this year, sorry for disrespecting the golden boy of this sub
30-15-14 with no turnovers. 

James Harden is the MVP. Fuck your narrative.
People on this sub really don’t think Harden is a top 5 player. Baffles me, he’s so dam good. Only players I’d take over him are Lebron/KD/Kawhi and maybe Curry but I’m 50/50 on that too
Harden is incredible. Needs to be in MVP talks.
Fucking harden is really on the nets holy hell
No Keldon, No Rudy, No Devin, No Derrick

^and ^no ^LMA

Gotta be proud of the guys for fighting hard still. Plenty of mistakes that cost the game sadly but it is what it is
Excuse me, do you have time to talk about our lord and savior Nicolas Claxton?
[Those two minutes](https://media.giphy.com/media/C87IXdLfJ44Zq/giphy.gif)
If claxton stays solid he should lowkey take DAJs minutes
NICOLAS ALL STAR CLAXTON
Frustrating to see us force OT just to watch a 16-5 run from the Nets but I love this squad without 4 of their best players they fought their asses off.
I can’t even be mad this was a very fun game to watch
I wonder if the dancers at San Antonio strip clubs are also some big ol women
Man if we had one of keldon or Rudy
Harden only 3 assists from the most assists in a game without a turnover...and he was 3 away with 8 minutes to go in regulation.
Holy shit Harden had triple-double with ZERO turnovers?!
Claxton 17 points tonight impressive
I am so excited for the future of this team man, the fight they showed in the 4th quarter missing 2 starters and 2 vital bench players was insane, very proud of how far this team has come since last season
Sorry about the miss calls Spurs bros, should've went your way
this game is only the beginning for Claxton getting the MVP one day
This post is out of bounds on Spurs
Steve Nash sends his regards
When did KD change his name to Bruce Brown?  10/13 FG, 2/3 3P, fuckin hell.
The curse is broken!
TIL we never won in San Antonio since 2003. I figured we've won the last couple of years but damn.
Behold, Brooklyn Buddies! Bruce Brown's Best Basketball.
Scariest part about Brooklyn is they look like a championship team without their best player other than Bruce Brown
I’m pretty sure the Nets scored on 9/11 OT possessions off dead balls. Just insane scoring ability - clear favorite when KD comes back
Ahh yes, back to close games with teams we should have easily put away. I was wondering when this would return LOL.

A win is a win though
Murray and Walker are so good, whenever Lonnie attempted a 3 I got sooo nervous, Spurs got a nice squad
looking at the current standings, the Nets are 15-3 against playoff teams and 8-10 against non-playoff teams lol

including a sparkling 0-5 against the Cavs/Wizards/Pistons, possibly the 3 worst teams in the East
The Nets absolutely stole Bruce Brown from Detroit
This is definitely the best version of Harden. Sure he doesn't average 34 ppg, but he has less free throws, less turnovers, plays for the team, already 7 triple doubles in 22 games. He actually might win a championship. No matter what superstars he had and would have in Houston as a backup, still think he would bever win a title there. The way he is playing now, its best version of himself.
Spurs pulled a Nets in OT there.
what a game but at the end of the day, we were missing 4 key players. We'll pick it right back up when they're back
Hahaha we did it!
I just love this team. 

That’s all.
https://i.imgur.com/WgQYy1v.jpg
Fuck me
rare off night for Joe, he looked invisible tonight
gg Nets
I love Lonnie and I don’t care who knows it.
Pain
Yo I’m a fuckin noob when it comes to clipping and uploading to Reddit, but can anyone look at this and tell me if they agree that this didn’t look like it should reset the shot clock??

https://www.nba.com/stats/events/?GameEventID=579&GameID=0022000534&Season=2020-21&flag=1&title=MISS%20Harden%204%27%20Driving%20Layup&sct=plot

Idk I just wish I could see an overhead angle. Doesn’t really matter as the Spurs pushed it to OT anyway, I was just surprised no one said anything about it.
After 20 years...
I tried to comment a few times but the refs kept stealing possession
shoutout to the 03 Finals! my first basketball memory
James Harden is putting up NBA 2k numbers...
Fuck the haters. Harden > Steph this season. And it’s not particularly close imo
I just hope Keldon, Derrick, Rudy, and Devin are fine after the all star break. Crazy we even played the nets this close without them.
*Well the south side of Brooklyn, it's the baddest part of town*

*And if you go down there you better just be ware of a man they call Bruce Brown*

*Now Bruce is more than trouble*

*You see he stands 'bout six foot four*

*All those Brooklyn ladies call him "Treetop Lover"*

*All the men just call him "Sir."*

*And he's bad, bad, bad Bruce Brown*

*The baddest man in the whole damn town*

*Badder than ole' King Kong*

*And meaner than a junkyard dog.*
Claxton owns DeRozan
Bruce brown MVP of the game
That was fun as hell to watch. GG spurs
Thanks for softening them up Nets. Guess my Knickerbockers will finish them off tomorrow.

Send them to all star break correctly.
I'm just amazed that the Spurs are 17-13.
Lol 9-24
I mean it only took the Spurs being fatigued in OT and having like 9 players due to COVID but congrats Nets lol jk

I know they didn’t have Durant just messing around. The fact that the Spurs held in and forced OT is great IMO
Who the fuck is Bruce Brown and how is he so good
I haven't watch a ton of the Nets this season. Is Bruce Brown always this good?
Brown has been really impressive. Great role player for them
All those Spurs killers on one roster... and still needed OT to beat us.
I'm a bad fan I turned it off when I was for sure we had lost then get a text from buddy we're in OT. We hung in there well for missing core pieces.
Do you think Nash coaching Harden have something to do on being pass first PG?
Harden's a beast, but my fucking god the refs wanted the nets to win so badly. Missed every single foul call and out of bounds call in the 4th and beginning of overtime
Serious question: If those 3 out of bounds calls in the last 3 minutes were called correctly out on the Nets, would of Spurs won?
kyrie was an absolute shithead this game. Really really huge fucking moron. One of the rare times I will join in with the nephew hate parade
#fuck New York

Also I thought the covid inactives weren't suppose to be with the team, why the fuck is Keldon on the sidelines during the game?
Want Harden to redeem his finals appearance so damn bad
People will look back at his stats and think him having only one MVP is absurd (it is).

Circle of life. Nephews and dipshits severely underrate Harden and in 20 years blogbois will overrate him.
Harden was cooking
Was just having a ho hum game going into the 4th, then just absolutely exploded. He’s unguardable with a lob threat, every time he drives the big man has no idea what to do so he’s either getting a wide open floater or a lob to his center.
That's...that's pretty darn amazing.

I'm no Harden fan, but holy hell, he's a great player.
No no no you got it all wrong: nic claxton
How long are him and Claxton going to have to carry these bums?
I keep reading his name as Bruce Bowen.
Who's jennifer
jarrett allen but on crack
and limping all over the floor after a single dunk.
I fucking love Bruce Brown
Some of these nba contenders need to clean house in their scouting department if they didn’t think Bruce Brown was worthy of a 2nd rd pick
MVP
He hit two 3s tn. If he can just be a threat out there he’d be so damn good.
lol you said God but then said role player
We have a game tomorrow against the Knicks. Knowing both of our teams it's a miracle if either team breaks 100 points.
That wasn't even the most dumbfounding thing he kept running the same trap on harden at the top of the key over and over even tho yall figured it out lol gg tho yall are nice asf.
Does that mean he was sandbagging this game?
He’s gonna be a beast I’ve always had faith in Claxton
It's been fun so far this season sorting by new and seeing people wondering who else the Nets would move to get a big, completely ignorant to the fact that we already had a guy, biding his time and ready to unleash his wrath on the world
Went and looked him up, and BBref has this for nicknames:

> The Slim Reaper

I have questions.
If he was on the Lakers, they would be hyping him up as the next Wilt
hes got nice hair
Why did you cut him for starters?
B   R   U   C   E

R

O

W

N
Bruce Brown
Can we just skip the game against us and move on to the all star break?
Getting this hyped over a regular season win when we are missing 2 starters. Just remember who owns your franchise.
Finished with 3 calls off of the Spurs that were actually off the Nets and led to buckets

Pain
The media acting like Harden wasn't an elite facilitator until he got to Brooklyn has been infuriating. They expose themselves
Absolutely should be in the mvp conversation.
It’s the same thing with Giannis. It’s just fatigue. It’s a shame, they consistently put up crazy numbers that it gets to the point where the media just doesn’t care and give it the spotlight it deserves.
MVP
I’m more amazed with 0 turnovers. 30/14/15 to me is regular for Harden.
A Triple!!!... double
not even 30/15/15,  amateur scrub
I was super happy that this was a close game at all. GG to y’all and best of luck going forward. Had a blast watching tonight.
GG Nets bro yall are really fun to watch
We gave it out best, can't be to mad forcing OT here
You know now why it is worth it to defend him over the same stupid old bullshit on Reddit. Take care Brooklyn
He's also a fucking ironman this guy never misses games. He was incredible at ASU as a freshman, but I never imagined him turning into one of the greatest offensive talents the league has ever seen. I'm so glad Kyrie said hey fuck you run the team bro because he's an elite facilitator on top of being able to score wherever he wants. He's in that exclusive club with Bron and CP3 in being able to elevate role players' games. If you're playing off ball with Harden you're gonna get fed
*banned from Twitch*

Hard fought battle, but not enough in the end. Ggs
That buzzer beater still blows my mind. I love him
*Say the line, Bart!*
I understand. Damn what a player
Allow me to simp for Jakob Poeltl as well
Legend has it he is still shooting the lights out
Brown is playing this good because of harden
Delon's been great this season since Rose got traded and Hayes went out
Delon Wright has been quite good this season. Bruce Brown would be literally useless on the Pistons.
Dude should be close to the top of the mvp race. He's sooo disrespected by everyone when he could probably be the craziest offensive weapon the game has seen.
No lies
Eh, they’re playing extremely well in different ways, but the advanced stats love them both
"so much better" lol the hyperbole and recency bias on this sub is insane. I guess we're also forgetting who each of these guys' respective teammates are.
Honestly he really might be. The big 3 have barely even played full games together and Harden is the constant driving force in the Nets climb up the Eastern standings. The impact he has on a team when he's facilitating the offense is insane. He's a dude you could plug into any team, let him run point, and he's gonna make everyone around him better and win games
I’m sorry but no fam. He’s 1st/2nd team all NBA depending on how the rest of the season goes, but Jokic and Embiid are way ahead of him at the moment unless Harden keeps these performances up the rest of the season. Perhaps not though since KD coming back will result in fewer shots for him and lower assists due to increased iso possessions. But we’ll see tho!
You mean the guy who demanded a trade after getting wrecked by the champs, blew up his franchise, and jumped ship to a super team? Ok
I'm taking Harden over Curry, he's bigger, a better facilitator, and most importantly an absolute iron man who basically doesn't get injured.
Guess your team thought Jaylen was too good to trade for him
Lma played
https://i.imgur.com/yGYoN1y.jpg
[more like](https://imgur.com/Fht13Rn)
Nah fam, own that collapse. It charged you guys up for OT and you took the fuck over in that period. Gotta fall before you rise up, or something like that.
I really hope so, but Claxton gets winded after like 15 minutes so it'll be interesting to see. His steal off Patty Mill was absolutely orgasmic though.
Needs to put on size, he would really get bullied by jokic or embiid in the paint.
Even Devin is so helpful :(
Lol I felt the same way about missing KD and Jeff Green every time I saw Shamet clank a 3 tonight
Luka's starting to show a ton of promise too. DJ, White, Keldon, Vassell, Luka, and Poeltl is a very exciting group
Bandwagon police, come take this man
I mean last season I'm not sure we got the chance for yall to come to San Antonio before everything shut down. The prior two seasons we were still a playoff team in the west with a better record.
Shamet and TJ just bricking shots, and green being out hurts. DJ and Clax being there means the paint is clogged up, thus players relying more on the jumper than driving
Playing down to the competition 😎
Walker and Murray are great players. Could not miss in the 4th
Bill land was saying keldon might play tomorrow which would help a lot if he does.
OK
Gg
I think Sean and Bill talked about how it should have been a shot clock violation. Stuff happens though, I thought their refusal to call any ball out on DeAndre Jordan was more frustrating personally.
I think this is our first W in San Antonio in 17 years lol but GG bro
Well as a hardcore Harden fanboy I must admit his performance against the spurs has been a bit less than ideal
Hes always had nuts assist numbers, dint think thats necessarily on nash.
One clear missed call and then another one that looked sketch agreed.
cry
Why are you even a nets fan if all you do is shit on the team?
He was questionable for tonight but was held back for conditioning reasons
[deleted]
He would’ve won it in 2017 if Westbrook averaged just 1 less rebound or assist lol
I blame the media.

I also think people might be surprised this year, because the media has begun pushing him in as an MVP and has created a narrative. 

If the Nets finish with a top 2 record, and I strongly suspect Jazz will get the top record, the media will skip right past everyone else and just narrative the award to Harden.
Greatest flopper ever too.
Idc how good he is , he's the most boring player to watch get 30 points and its not even close
The Alchemist
They can be co-MVP
spurs legends bruce bowen and speedy claxton?
Damn how do Nets sign quality players like this for cheap? I guess they ring chasing with KD and Hard
I’m glad I’m not the only one. I was like Bowen’s back and he beat the Spurs?
https://twitter.com/CJMcCollum/status/1029796654675841024
You’d limp too if DeMar stepped on you
Or after DeRozen’s body caused him to roll his ankle. But ok
Pistons traded him for a second rounder. That front office is stupid.
I loved his game when he was only scoring a couple of points per game. These games where he's going off for 20+ points are just making him love him even more
can't tell if he meant to say good or god, but either way, he's right
Bruce Brown vs Alex Caruso in the finals. The fated matchup.
can't believe he's doing against the spurs these days after kicking szczerbiak in the face
If your username is what I think it is, that's brilliant. He always seems like he has the personality of an NBA player rather than that of a footballer
He's already the best player of all-time. He just needs a ring and I say he's GOAT. Neither LeBron nor MJ can do what Harden is doing right now.
This seems like a jinx haha. Now I'm expecting a 120-125 game because the Spurs defense is a tad slow due to the b2b, and the Knicks defense lets up a shitload of open 3's which the Spurs take full advantage of and get super hot.
I mean Harden was just meandering into tear drops or isoing Trey Lyles for a step back 3. If I was a coach I'd also have said yea, fuck that noise, double him and give Bruce Brown lay ups, rather die that way.

You guys look solid af too, I know you guys are missing a lotta key guys. Hopefully the next game we have we're both fully healthy. (I highly doubt Pop runs that trap next game though if we're healthy though, since it'll be Durant instead of Bruce Brown in that helper position haha).
I mean that’s what you’re supposed to do. Force Harden to pass and make the other guys beat you. Only so much you can do against a guy like that
No.... just the lead was too big to overcome with like 1:12 left in OT.
that’s why kd refused to use the nickname, had to pay respect to the og. Couldn’t have a Shaq/Dwight situation
Yeah...#1 being wasn't that Durant's nickname first?!
THT type beat
>If he was on the Lakers, they would be hyping him up as the next ~~Wilt~~ Zubac!
Don't you worry, we got that covered
Huh?
You mean you DON'T want to watch your team get executed on national television?
Maybe Harden will be merciful
If it means anything to you, we have been playing to the level of our competition this season and have played like shit against weaker teams so ya never know I guess
Joe Tsai?
Oof, Imma call you "Frozen Margarita" cuz you salty *and* cold
The nets were missing tlc,kd,dinwiddie, and Jeff green
He's joking, take it easy we had a great game
Stay classy man
> 
> 

Being this mad about someone celebrating? Dude it's not that big of a deal
Cope
it literally is why we lost lol I mean there are a lot of reasons, but those were just backbreaking.
What? All the calls were spot on. Great officiating by the referees as they showed why they’re world class
Shaq and Chuck are garbage for this. They’ve influenced an entire generation of dumbass basketball “fans” with their Harden hatred. 

Remember all that bullshit at the start of the season about how Harden doesn’t make his teammates better, and he’s too selfish to work with Kyrie and KD?

Stupid motherfuckers, I swear.
Dont give me giannis when they couldnt wait to give him an MVP in 2019 and now he has two. Youre gonna look back and say wow this guy won back to back and Harden only got one?
GG to y'all too and good luck the rest of the way. Still can't believe we won in SA for the first time since the 03 NBA finals
That run in the last two minutes was insane.
facts
Yeah but it’s still poor asset management imo. Even on the Pistons he was a good defensive guard that was a solid decision maker, and he was locked up on a really cheap contract. Plus he’s only 24, I don’t understand why they prioritized Wright over him.
I mean partially yeah of course but he's really solid regardless
I think he is having the 3rd best season rn just behind the 2 titanic centers of the league but no one is talking about him
Harden has barely played with KD
Bruh Curry is hardly fucking winning with a solid ass team
Are you talking about Lebron in 2018 after losing to the champs? Aka the only reason you are relevant? Or are you talking about AD in 2019? Forcing his way to make a superteam... Stfu
Not everyone can have the best market in the country or rig the nba for top 3 picks to flip for superstars settle down now
We dont win the title if we trade Smart/Jaylen for him and his contract is up in 2 years. That’s why we didn’t trade for him...Not worth the risk at all
Looked like he was playing for us
Are you sure? I don't remember him playing at all
Like ass
/r/AccidentalRenaissance
*when you see a globe*
Nah im cheering for the nets so Harden can finally get the ring that he deserves but that game should have never went to OT in the first place. Nets choked a 10 point lead in 2 minutes and that OT run was expected. The spurs can't possibly keep up with the nets if they had their foot on the gas pedal
He'll get in better shape. He was out for basically a whole year between 2 different injuries
Well then just don’t play against Jokic or Embiid
Fuck how'd I forget Derrick
How can you leave out lonnie walker like that
Agreed. Shamet inconsistency on open shots/good looks drive me insane. I loved Clax minutes though. DJ had moments but overall Shamet really has to hit practice and work on being ready to hit those shots in case we really need him come playoff time.
Roberson also needs to figure out how to contribute better on offense. He doesn't need to be a great scorer but he needs to be able to finish and/or move and make the easy pass as needed.
Lonnie is so inconsistent but he turns into a flamethrower from three sometimes. I want him taking ten threes at least every game.
BONK
lol what was that even? I could get one of them, it was basically the old it's either a loose ball foul or just call it out type call so that was fine, but the other ones surprised me.
I feel like he historically turns the ball over a lot against us. Not tonight of course. Honestly with him having the game he had, im just happy we made it a fantastic game.
I know he have good assist numbers. I just never saw him as a "Pass First" guy before.
It was at least two out of bounds calls, but bad calls happen. We should have hit more shots and stopped giving y'all wide open shots on the other end.
this is just facts
cause the team fucking sucks.
Not to mention Juan Toscano-Anderson
why did you say five different traits like they were all different players. just say the name, its james harden.
Which one of them is Shake Milton?
which one is tacko
Steph, Klay, and?
Top 3 shooters of all time? Who’s your top 3? Klay Steph and who?
KD is the greatest scorer of all time, but Harden is the greatest offensive player of all time

😉
Im with you except for the "arguably greatest scorer of all time" part. There is no argument other than Jordan lol
People always talk about the 2017 MVP race but the 2019 race is often overlooked. Harden absolutely dominated the entire season, had 36 ppg, carried an okay to good and very injured Rockets team to a top 4 seed, and had an entire month scoring 40+ ppg. Giannis had a great argument as well being the top player on the leagues best team, but I believe Harden's season is one we won't see again for a long time.
He would have won it if durant didnt move to golden state,come on lets be real they gave that MVP to russ out of pity.


Any other situation player for the 6th seed team will never convince enough voter to give him MVP
Yeah even if Westbrook offset the loss of one rpg with an extra assist, he wouldn't have gotten it.
it should have been kawhi
Absolutely not in my opinion. You cannot give the MVP to a guy with Durant and Irving on his team. Same reason Durant and Steph never won while on the same team
Lol oh sweet summer child.

Top 3 will be as close as he gets.

The Houston fiasco will ensure that.
I really hope the team with 3 All-Stars that are in their primes don't get an MVP. They are great, but they have fucking 3 players that can carry their teams to the playoffs. Give it to a player that doesn't have someone to carry the load whenever they wanna scratch their ass for a couple minutes.
Okay okay I accept. Great game tonight though and good luck the rest of the way! Still can't believe we finally beat you guys in SA after so long. It's funny because I remember saying to myself last week that I feel like we're the Spurs because we went on undefeated road trip and that reminds me of the old Spurs teams and how dominant they were
They drafted him dummy
Hahaha that's great
I like how the announcers were calling out Demar for falling under him when the only reason Demar was falling is because Claxton whacked him on the back during the block
Hey they also got the privilege of waiving Dzanan Musa. A lot of Nets fans would've killed for that honor the last couple seasons.
a 2nd rounder and the goat hunchback euro musa
You saying that now cause he's in a contender. If Brown plays for the Detroit he won't be recognize for who he is. He is an elite role player for a contender. Detroit can't showcase that.

Everyone shits on the Detroit front office moves this off-season when in fact they did good.
Idk exactly but Bruce Brown was barely in the rotation before the Harden trade. Harden's facilitating is making previous benchwarmers like Brown and Tyler Johnson seem elite and just bringing out their hidden talent. Not everyone has someone like Harden thats able to do this
Should we have kept him and then paid him a lot when he’s a fa? That’s not how you win in the nba, which is why I kinda don’t like it anymore. No other sport encourages trading your young talent like the nba, other than baseball which happens cause the owners are cheap as fuck
Pistons fans are too. I swear, he gets so much hate on the team sub and is treated like some kind of bum. 

One poster quoted his season average of like 7ppg on the night he dropped 29 to act as if Bruce hasn’t been extremely consistent and important to the nets ever since he’s gotten significant play time.
Yup, he’s always been such a high effort player on both ends, I’m so happy it’s finally showing on the box score
He's a god. He hustles, rebounds, plays defense and apparently is a good scorer now too? Also young and only $1 mill against the salary cap? There's nothing not to like lol
The way he’s playing, I’ll accept Bruce Brown as my new god
Why would he say good and elite right after
> He's already the best player of all-time. He just needs a ring and I say he's GOAT. Neither LeBron nor MJ can do what Harden is doing right now.

No. This take is WILD.
I read before he was cut earlier in the year, is it true?
Can't execute what's already dead!!! ^^likemyhopes^anddreams
Executed by their city’s basketball icon**
The Beard: "No"
75 point triple double
if y’all play down to our level the galaxy will collapse in on itself, it’s physically impossible.
I wouldn't be surprised if Harden wants to show Wall up. Probably would have wanted to also show up Boogie, but Boogie's already gone and probably out of the league.
I also love that despite me doing all sorts of self-deprecating stuff that compliments his team, like the Nets awful franchise record in SA and long drought since a win there, they're *still* taking it personally
Jakob getting fouled for barely touching anything or anyone too, but that's basically the norm at this point
Bill Simmons too 

"Harden games the system" 

"He's like when you find a glitch in a game and exploit it and everyone hates you for it"

Just mind numbing takes about a guy who is as prolific offensively as maybe anyone we've seen
KD's the one that doesn't make teammates better. Harden is an all-time great playmaker.
Harden deserved it in 2019 imo but I don’t think there’s much arguing against Giannis winning a second one in 2020
money, brown getting paid after this season
Wright actually does things with the ball in his hands. Brown has virtually no playmaking capability. 

WTF even is this take? Have you watched any Pistons games this season?
The Warriors literally don’t have a second scoring option
Hey take it easy. Laker fans deserve to have 2 superstars fall into their lap after like four straight losing seasons. Couldn't have been easy!
I was hoping for a straight Harden for Brown swap. Browns elite play in the beginning of the year put an end to those talks quickly though.
Mans got the full Clax experience.
he only played 15 minutes which was nice. jakob getting more than double the minutes is awesome.
yeah i went a year without playing basketball with the bros. and even when i was working out the whole time, i was still gassed af when i plywd again. shits different
I'm ashamed of myself
Shamet tries to do too much, I notice alot of times where he tries to get fancy with the ball like Kyrie but ends up just turning it over or jacking up a stupid shot. His best possessions come when he's moving without the ball and is squared up at the 3pt line ready for the ball.
My biggest frustration with lonnie is his finishing around the rim. Dude has so much potential if he could just stop missing layups. I still love the dude, but thats the weakest part of his game and a lot of times it seems like that can get him in his head.
He led the league in assists a few years back
Which one of your teams did the Nets beat? Come on, it's okay you can tell us.
He did mention the goat candidate, didn’t he
Not to mention
What's he the GOAT of? Blowing elimination games?
He's not a goat
Pretty sure he only meant Harden tbh
Dame maybe?
>	they gave that MVP to russ out of pity.

There was so much hype around Russ, the fuck you talking about?
If you think Russ won MVP out of pity you need to watch his record breaking game against the nuggets and says that again with a straight face.
you can when durant is out for like half the season, same reason he shouldve won when he was absolutely *carrying* those rocket teams when chris paul was out injured
Why did Lebron win 2 MVPs playing with Wade & Bosh?
> I really hope the team with 3 All-Stars that are in their primes don't get an MVP.

Lebron got back to back MVPs on the Heatles lmao
I would have said that too....if they actually played together. They've played all of 6 games I believe. Kyrie has been in and out, KDs been gone for a minute and will be for awhile, and is probably getting load managed whenever he does come back.

But Harden's been trucking through the entire time. Also I think we were something like 6-6 before the Harden trade, pretty much a bottom seed, and now are competing for the top seed. So that's pretty significant.

I get why you'd be against the idea of it, but I think right now Harden's just done enough to be in the convos and get a real chance at it.
Such a great game! Yeah i definitely see the similarities too. Watching this game i was impressed how good your teams ball movement is. Even with 2 of the best iso scorers in the game the ball was still gliding. Having a big 3 is a lot of fun, and yours is even more top heavy than our big 3 was
Think he was being sarcastic, dope
It was just a basketball play. It happens
Yeah there's some truth there.  I think he could have done more for Detroit but people are acting like playing next to Harden and Kyrie is not a factor in this.

&#x200B;

I'm sure a lot of role players in this league would love to be next to 2 guys who can pass or create any shot that will draw most of the defensive attention.
Players are out of rotations all the time until coaches realize its a mistake and put them in the rotation. He was good for us since the moment he put on a Nets jersey and he should have always been in the rotation
Tbh I feel like he’s Draymond lite. Go to playmaker in the middle of the court that’s playing well and knows how to take advantage of the gravity that his team’s superstar players have. But he’s still lite cause can’t run that offense / defense as well as Draymond can
It was mostly a joke. Lol
[removed]
Nah, he was never cut. Just hasn't gotten a chance to play due to being injured
He's been injured, idk if he was ever cut but if he was the Nets had full intention to bring him back when healthy.
Google exists man lmao
wood back>?
You forgot "No one beats us in their city for more than 18 or 19 years in a row!  /s "

smh
He really is the player that gets the least amount of favorable calls in the entire league. I remember Raps fans talking about it and I figured he's probably just an undisciplined defender and too young to get any benefit of the doubt from the refs. 

Nope. I mean he can be undisciplined, but he's improved a ton, but he also gets whistled for existing
The bottom line is Daryl Morey proclaimed Harden to be the best offensive player ever.  Whether or not it was tainted with favoritism Morey is a brilliant basketball mind and I’ll take his word over any of these clowns’.
"Luka's assists are like Larry Bird - they're not cheap assists... like the James Harden type of assists"


-Bill Simmons
So Harden is Neo confirmed then, hrs the glitch in the matrix.

Imagine being so good at basketball everyone ignores you and says you GLITCHED REALITY because you are so good lmao
Idk if anyone here watches cod but Harden’s the Cellium of the NBA lmao
Those are correct takes...
Obviously, which is why I said 2019. Just like Harden should have won in 2015 but Curry deff deserved his 2016 one. He keeps losing out on the years where hes actually better and we end up with players having back to backs where only one was necessary and deserved
Oubre has started to play solid

Wiggins is a lockdown defender and reliable

Draymond whole role is to set screens for Curry and get him shots 

Wiseman is second pick
Rumors were it was Brown and Smart
Yea LMA sadly doesn't fit our squad anymore, Jakob has stepped up so much on the defensive end and LMA has regressed as much as Jakob as stepped up on that end.
Speaking of double doubles are we going to talk about Jak going 14/12 on 7-8 shooting?
I think sometimes the role players get too excited and forget they are role players, and don't realize it's actually not so easy to make tough passes or shots. Kyrie and Harden make too many things look too easy. Emulating them is not really a good idea.
James "0-27" Harden
Dwade isn't either
What hype? Ok answer me this,if durant moved to team that isnt golden state would they have award that MVP to russ?
Yeah no i dont think so, so that means yeah thats a pity vote
In normal situation a 6th seed player will not win an MVP thats just how it is,if KD didnt move to GSW voter would not have given russ the mvp no matter what stats he puts out history proven so, the fact that russ won it what else other than pity vote?
Because Miami Lebron is the best player in basketball history and prime Durant/Irving are better than a kneeless wade and blood clotted bosh were. Next question.
Ur probably right, dingbat
uh just like the Claxton play lmao
It's not sarcasm.
Yeah, no we never cut Clax
He can sit for a while I'm on the fade for cade train
How many titles did they get with that small-ball again?
one might say James Hardens assist only counts for 3/5 according to boston fans
Classy assists
Lol, he didn't say this did he?
You can do it too FaZe up
He's averaging 25/11 on a team with Kyrie and Kd

He averaged 30 and 10 on a team with Chris Paul

He averaged 28/9 as the main guy

Harden is the system
Any chance LMA is bought out you think?
Okay and, it's a meme username, he never was in that conversation, I'm not delusional like Harden fans are
\>  What hype? 

lol 

[https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/64fzom/russell\_westbrook\_makes\_history\_as\_he\_sets\_the/](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/64fzom/russell_westbrook_makes_history_as_he_sets_the/)

28,000 upvotes
I feel like you are downplay the Triple Double he averaged that season. I know they are watered down today, but in 2017 he had bulldozered through the season averaging one, something we haven't seen since Oscar Robinson. 1 or 6 seed russ was winning because of that record breaking season.
> kneeless wade and blood clotted bosh 

Your timeline is not accurate
Salty yall lost, it's okay bud
I think you just missed it
Lol it 100% is
no no ir on the kpj train, when yall gonna call him up ?
Heck yeah. Cade is going to be incredible
How many downvotes are you going to get for an irrelevant point?  65 win season and a cp3 hammy away from beating arguably the most talented team ever.  Foh
Lmao
But still gets full representation of Turnovers.
Not mutually exclusive...
No chance imo, if we can deal him for something that'll definitely happen but I think its extremely likely we're going to ride with him for the season and let him sign elsewhere. Other teams could definitely use him on the offensive end but his defense is very hard to hide.
Okay and, it's a meme comment.
He'll be up after the break
Should've, could've, would've.... If my grandma had balls she'd be my grandpa...it doesnt mean shit with out rings
lakers and boston franchises are legendary rivals for worst fanbase of all time
Lol can't believe people are taking that comment seriously. Well, I can believe it, but it's disappointing.
I seen to many Nets fans put him on that pedestal
most idiotic argument ever
Name one series Harden lost with his team as the favorite going into the series
Always the Lakers fans bro I bet u can't name a single person off that post Kobe-Pre Bron roster
Thank you sir
HATE playing the Pistons. Harden came through in the clutch!
James Harden is the man
Harden and Kyrie combine for 0/12 from three and we still win.
How many points in a row did Harden score to close the game out?
Harden absolutely takes over the game after having a pretty middling 3.5 quarters.

You love to see it.
What are they now, 12-1 without KD? Would you look at that...
James Harden
Delon completely iced out jerami at the end there
Harden and Kyrie kind of played like shit this game for their standards, lucky to pull off the win.
this game never happened. fuck me why do under .500 teams give us so much trouble
Hey Detroit, that was not fun at all. Please fly back immediately and leave us alone
This year Hardens gonna get a ring, then people will start giving him his props for being a top 20 player of all time.
[The Brooklyn Nets Win!](https://streamable.com/wm4jcr)



https://streamable.com/wm4jcr

Ugly wins still count!  Happy Birthday Shamwow!  Loved seeing Harden delaying his postgame interview to keep working shit out with DJ lol, & Grady doing the play by play on YES!  Ugly win, but still had fun.

"We just tryin' to get right, get things goin'..." - Jimmy Harden

Also, someones gotta post a full clip of that Claxton highlight *with* Kyrie & DJ hugging and looking on like proud parents.


*Let's Go Nets!*

**BROOKLYN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**
https://imgur.com/a/SZymfGK
That win was disgusting
Actually proud of the nets. They managed to win when the shots didn't fall and proved that they can play decent defense tho Jordan almost threw
James Harden passed Larry Bird on the all-time scoring list tonight with his last 2 free throws to ice the game
Pistons annoying as hell, like just go away. GG
poor mason
Shamet has been on fire since he got benched in late January
Today everyone bricked from 3 point line except joe and shamet. Wow. Tough day at office
Great game.

I say this fully believing the Nets are the favorites from the East, but Milwaukee and Philly are both set up to exploit their main weakness, which is of course DeAndre Jordan. He may have had a near double double tonight but we ate him up on the offensive glass. When it's Embiid or Giannis finishing that instead of Plumlee, it's gonna result in a bunch of and 1s. They better start accelerating the switch to Claxton.
DR JAMES EDWARD HARDEN
Landry Shamet is remembering how to play basketball and it's fucking beautiful. This teams gonna be insane once the whole crew is put together.
Did OP just delete a pic of Dr. Kuzlittle?
That's why James Harden is the mvp! If it were Leflop he would shoot 4 bricks in row, blame his teammates, and call it a night!
6-27 from three yikes but Shamet another good night
they finally fuckin did it, huh?
Why does Detroit play so good against the nets lmaoo
Why aren't the Pistons playing Sekou much?
Was this as close as it suggests?
This is awesome. Harden gets to half ass games for half the season and they still get wins. Hot dog
Ugly game, but they pulled through
Smh man I hate the Nets :(
The Pistons have one of the most pitiful rosters I have ever seen. Most of these guy’s shouldn’t even be seeing playing time. Plumlee, Ellington, and Wright are starting and they should be in the 10-15 range on the bench. Who the hell is Saben Lee? That franchise is a disgrace.
If the nets win the ring it’ll ring hollow and nets fans know this deep down. Knowing this makes me glad
just hangs with the hottest dudes
Always been the man, sadly gets a lot of hate!
Holy shit no wonder it was so close. Fortunately it looks like the Pistons bad 3 point shooting percentage also helped. They went 6/27(22%) and you guys went 8/32(25%) whoever the other players who made those 3’s on your team basically saved you.
I like it when they have a poor shooting night, Harden visibly stop shooting 3 even with enough space, and trying to attack in different ways.
Ah, the playoff special from harden.
10
10 I think
/u/anditsnotclosenephew hates to see it
KD is just sitting on the bench like the final boss. 

It’s kinda scary for the rest of the league.
I'm scared for the Lakers now
We’re also 9-1 in the last 10 games Durant has played and most of those were without kyrie
Was their only loss that Cavs game early on?
MVP
Floater game is straight untouchable. If it's falling he cannot be stopped
jimmy hardman
Yeah it’s gotta be really hard to put up numbers on this team against the Pistons lmfao

Edit: I replied to the wrong person, I thought I was replying to someone that said Harden for MVP. You can keep downvoting me tho idc lol and I think my point still stands, it’s hard for a player to get enough MVP votes on a team with 2 other all stars, and as far as I know nobody has ever won MVP with 2 other allstars, but feel free to correct me
Kyrie was decent today, just couldn't hit a 3 to save his life
Then you look at the score board, Harden 24/10/10 on 12/23 (if you count 2 free throw as one made field goal). And we think he played like shit. If someone else had that statline, they probably had a career night.
They have big men. That’s why I’m scared of the lakers and the jazz. The clips are a defensive team, so they’re kinda scary too. Nets best games came off a clippers loss though, so idk.
See you in 2 weeks. Rubber match!
Beautiful
Looks like an Italian from New Jersey that moved to Brookyln
I saw you posting the Kuz one, got me confused lol
Damn...looks like the manager of a KFC
Another one!
Nah, this was actually a good win. Won through defense despite a rough shooting night. Would've lost this one a few weeks ago.
The Pistons will put effort a lot of contenders thinking it’s just a free game. The win was quality because the Nets held on.
A lot of misses from both teams but it ended as a close game as usual from the Nets
You can’t play the Timberwolves every night. Some losing teams actually have heart and care about winning, but just aren’t there yet. 

Then, there’s the TWolves..
Love plums
DeAndre is washed, but rebounding is a pure team effort. Like last year we were the 2nd best rebounding team in the league because everyone gave a lot of effort in that field (plus we had Allen). But this year a lot of dudes will kinda half heartedly box out, and only do it when the game actually starts to matter. Like Stewart got so many o-rebounds this game where he was the 1 guy in between like 3 Nets just watching him. I blame DJ 100% when he barely tries on switches, but I'm not gonna blame him when he plays help defense and no one comes to box out his man and clean up the glass.

Also on a side note why KD is so key for our team (beyond being obviously really good at basketball). Harden is the engine of the offense but KD helps fill our two biggest holes, defense and rebounding. He's not a great rebounder for his size, but he's still a 7 footer who tries, and his defensive switch-ability is key for our schemes.
>  but Milwaukee and Philly are both set up to exploit their main weakness, which is of course DeAndre Jordan.

While this is true, neither of those teams have enough plus defenders that *also* meaningfully contribute to the offense to match up well to the Nets' big 3 either.  Simmons, Thybulle, and...Harris I guess?   I don't think that's enough for the big 3 as there will always be a mismatch and Thybulle is someone Brooklyn can leave open on the perimeter, not unlike what Houston did with Dort in the postseason last year.
I was exploring space in my spaceship When I saw LEASTRONAUT trying to steal the rings off Saturn 🪐 I had to report him to Barea and Space officer Curry LEMICKEY asked me for a ride home but I told him I'm not gonna carry you like ADisney and Kyrie did. Shame on you Lethief!
This take is brain dead.
That wasn't Detroit playing good, that was Detroit playing hard, which we generally do most nights. 
We just don't have shot makers down the stretch, so we lose close a lot.
He's been bad. He needs g league time still not nba ready, circumstances in the last year suck for him
The three minutes he was out there, his opponent scored every point for the Nets.
God some philly fans are fucking insufferable. We might not win a ring but im confident this nets team will run through the sixers in the playoffs. Aint winning shit with ben simmons as your second best player
Because of his ugly style of play in his Rockets tenure. Maybe the coach is to blame? Or he cant depend on anyone else on his orrvious team?
5 of them was Shamet
lmao pure filth. I love it
yeah ive noticed aswell him hating on every harden post :D dude has issues
LMAO I know harden ruined his day today and that makes me happy
Not surprisingly, the user is being pretty quiet tonight.
The mindfuck for me is if they play this nice in public, what do practices look like? Because they look like they’re in 85% lock-step. With KD they’re probably sickening.
Brooklyn Nets: This isn't even my final form
Harden paired up with either KD or kyrie is just damn good, can’t wait until KD is back and we get to see all 3 again
Nah it was against the Mavs. Cavs losses were a while back.
lmao if he did not win more than one on houston he ain't winning one on this team
Good thing he’s done the same shit against every other team in the league? Like what are you even implying here?
True but 10 of Harden's 24 came in the last 2 minutes. Up until that point he hadn't been scoring well and he had some really bad turnovers.
the nets have guys capable of rebounding as well. Size isnt the issue. It was the hustle. The pistons were crashing every miss and even thier guards were picking up offensive rebounds
Bro we have Plumlee and Isaiah Stewart
as usual?
Uhh I know that. I was making a joke about them always popping back up when we tried to put them away
DJ was looking much better at rebounding last year somehow, statistically want he one of the best in the league?
Stewart is also an incredible rebounder, he’s got the tenacity of Rodman/Wallace on the glass
That's probably true and why I think the Nets still come out on top. It's just too much fire power. But if there is a crack in the armor (say Kyrie gets hurt), it'll be inside.
Hahaha I haven't seen this one
Ok fair enough. I don’t watch Detroit so I don’t know how they actually play. It just seems like nets’s kryptonite is the pistons based off the results. It was just pretty funny bc nets have one of the best records and pistons have one of the worst but pistons always give the nets a super hard time more than other teams do.
Idk what makes it insufferable to say the truth. If you beat us in the playoffs it’ll ring hollow and will be expected. If we beat you you should be embarrassed you couldn’t even win by signing kd harden and kyrie, after not being able to build a team competently
Look at that team as soon as he left. I don’t knock John Wall (he hasn’t really shown me he can lead a team out of a slump), but they are, as he said, ass. Bootycheeks. Terrible. And people were expecting Harden to pull off a miracle every season. Bet you beard called KD on some I’m tired, get me out of here.
Has Shamet been playing good again? Love to hear him thriving.
What's up with some of these warriors fans having a particular hatred of harden? Like wtf lol?
Man was probably licking his chops ready to just destroy harden after he struggled scoring the ball and then bam Harden goes off for 10 clutch points to win the game.
He usually is quite when his shit takes are exposed
Lakers flair: opinion invalidated
Fuck you mean? This team is wildly better than any Houston team he’s had, even the one with cp3
Just that it’s hard to be MVP with KD and Kyrie also on your team lol, Harden is a cold blooded killer and all but it’s gunna be hard to win MVP with those guys on his team
Aye, you make a great point here. This is why I liked the Griffin pick, because he’s a pretty good rebounder.
And Jeremi Grant? I know he’s not a center but still
Yeah man have you not watched this team for the past few years. Scrapping out nail biters is practically our team culture at this point.
I wasn’t ragging on you. Hope it didn’t sound like that. I just take every opportunity to rag on the Wolves.
Yea I think he was up there last season if you adjust for per 36. DJ is still pretty solid at rebounding.  All he's got left is his rebounding and finishing around the rim. He's good for at least 2 of those BS o-rebound tap outs every game, which is awesome. Sometime DJ ball watches on the glass, but he's also a big part of the reason Harden's getting a triple double every other game. Harden's amazing but he didn't just turn into a 10+ rebounder over night, he gets a lot of boards because opponents are usually focused on DJ, thus Harden gets a ton of easy rebounds. As a team we're solidly in the middle, but when we play a sub par team our effort on the glass is way lower like tonight, which makes us look suspect.
We give every single team a tough time. We don’t have a lot of talent so we lose, but it’s a well-coached team full of “busts” and guys with something to prove so they always give 100% effort
you have the MVP shut the fuck up LOL
Are we pretending that Harden wasn't terrible in the playoffs previous years with decent teams? Even when he had good playoff games, he choked in the clutch.  
Not saying he isn't awesome, but there's a reason he got shit on despite the regular season numbers.
Yes he's been quite good lately after his horrific start. Was his birthday today and he went off.
He had himself a grand ole time last game vs the Celtics too, six threes iirc.
Harden helped shine a light on his game. Besides lebron, we need to talk about how Beard makes players look like they played in HS
Probably from those playoffs series but it’s pretty weird because they ended up winning them lol, tons of harden hating warriors fans out there tho
this is flairism and I won't stand for it
Should we pull up an Orlando Magic flair for the sake of parity?
Fuck I mean? Fuck you mean? Fuck we mean? 

You did not read my comment at all. I am talking about MVP; him being on a better team does not help those chances.
KD has played 5 games with james lol, he’s doing all this without him
Exactly? We didn’t just luck out and sign 3 stars completely changing the quality of our team over night, Embiid became mvp level in philly and the team has been built not bought
I just hate his foul baiting playstyle before which is being abused by Trae nowadays. Harden is great.
He has not been terrible for years in the playoffs, he was great against the lakers last year and was great against the warriors the 2 seasons before that, he also has played really good D in the playoffs in recent years, his team was just flat out outmatched and the one year they weren’t CP3 got hurt when they were on the verge of beating the warriors, that’s just bad luck.
While true he’s also just been hitting tough shots. He hit theees off screens tonight it wasn’t even off of harden penetration
Yeah that's what I'm saying lol, what's there to be so angry about. Harden doesn't even talk trash.
Shit bro that’s my bad lmao, but he still could win kne with this team if their record stays as crazy as it has been since he’s got there, and he consistently puts up like 24 11 and 7
My point is it’s hard to win MVP with that many all stars on one roster, as far as I know the only time it’s happened recently was with the 73-9 Warriors, and this Nets team isn’t going 73-9 lol
its lucky to have 3 stars wanting to come to nyc and compete? Do you know what luck even is? Sean marks is one of the best drafting gms in the league as well. Caris levert...Jarret allen and now Claxton? Signing dinwiddie and joe harris?
...he definitely wasn't great vs the Lakers, but I do agree that Westbrick and Daniel Sexhouse were the main culprits.  
What about when KD got hurt and the warriors still smashed them? Harden playoff numbers are perennially worse than regular seasons.  
And he has never...Never played great defensively, he's been average at best.   
He's in a perfect team now tho, he can do his thing for 40 minutes and then let other close for him.  
Again, not saying he's not an offensive powerhouse, but he is basically guard Karl Malone.
Ya it’s definitely weird, I’d understand if they lost to the rockets but they never did.
I definitely don't disagree Harden always puts up MVP numbers, but players on super teams never win MVP cause it's "easier"
That’s changing the goal posts. You acted like he was only doing this because he has good teammates against bad teams
it’s pretty lucky to have three stars want to come to nyc to compete because they’d be playing on a super team. The nets would not be contenders let alone favourites if it weren’t for the sudden buying of stars to make it a super team. It’ll still be great for the fans if they win it but not nearly on the level of a team that was built and won it in a more legit way
He averaged 30 points with a ts% of 66 against one of the best defences in the league whilst being doubled on literally every play. That definitely is great
Ya check again, he averaged 30 on amazing efficiency, he had one bad game where he still contributed in other ways and then he had 4 fantastic games. Anyone trying to say he wasn’t good in that series is delusional, he was literally  doubled all game by an elite defense and still put up fantastic numbers, his team was just way overmatched
Is the Nets team without KD a super team? Harden just quietly lead the team to 11-1 without KD. See how much the role players has turned around 1 by 1, and Harden is a key reason for that.
That’s not at all what I was saying? The guy above me said “harden for MVP” and I was saying it’s near impossible to win MVP with that many allstars on your team.
Any team with Harden is a super team, the voters just don't seem to respect him.
Doesn’t matter lmao you made a stupid comment now live with it
Ok find me an example of a team with 3 allstars and an MVP that didn’t have 73 wins lmao my argument is 100% valid, it has nothing to do with hardens skill, it has to do with voting. Gets hardens Dick out of your mouth and understand what I’m saying to you.
You replied to a comment and said it must be hard to put up stats against the Pistons with that team. It was a stupid ass comment and everyone knows it considering you got downvoted to hell. Please go somewhere now
Yeah BC how does a decent game against one of the worst teams in the east help his MVP case? 24 point triple double on horrible efficiency against one of the worst teams in the NBA? New MVP frontrunner!
He had 24/10/10 on 19 shots with great defense (3 blocks and 2 steals) and literally scored the teams last 10 points in a row to win the game himself. You need to give up, your argument gets worse every single reply
24 on 19 shots is not good lol, he really scored 16 points on 19 shots since he got 8fts. Also tied for the most TO with 4 and had a -4. This is nothing about him as a player, but this was far from his best game this year, and it was against one of the worst teams in the NBA and it’s supposed to help his MVP chances? GTFO. He had a below average game for him, against a well below average team. Idk how many more ways I can say this so you can understand lmao, he’s a top 5 NBA player no question but that doesn’t mean this game makes him more likely to win MVP at all
He had 24 on 19 shots. It’s not great but it’s not a horrible game considering he was elite at every other single aspect of the game. He had 10 assists to 4 turnovers, the fuck is wrong with that? Nobody cares about single game plus minus.

This *is* about him as a player, you can’t stand to see him doing good and people giving him credit lmao. He scored the last 10 points in a row to win a game in the clutch and youre really pressed that fans of his team are happy and think he should win MVP, he’s the best player easily on the soon to be first seed, better get fucking used to more MVP talks lol
Bro have you read any of the comments I made? Not a single one was about harden being a bad player, they’re all about him playing a bad team and his team being stacked. People from teams this stacked just generally don’t win MVP. Curry/KD never won one during their warriors run. Lebron was the last one with 3 all stars and that was because outside their big 3 that team was terrible, Mario Chalmers was their 4th best player, nowhere near as good as the record setting Season Josh Harris is having (nobody has ever shot that well on that many attempts). Stop playing the victim. I am a harden Fan, just being realistic about his chances. Also Lebron played pretty much every game those years, lretty sure harden had missed more games this year than Lebron missed both those Heat MVPs combined
Kevin Durant and James harden have played a total of **5** games together
So what? He’s still on the team, he’s going to be back, and he’s a top 10 player in the league. MVP voting is all about narrative, and this narrative doesn’t help his case.
Kyrie was going off, they put Kawhi on him, he passes it to KD.... wtf 😭
The Nets since getting Harden:

- Roll through almost the entire league

- Lose 3x to the Cavs + Wizards
The Nets might have to live this season like the Keenu Reeves movie “Speed” where they can’t ever slow down or they’ll explode. Like the defense is never going to happen so they have to play insane out of control games every single night and that’s the only way they can win and stay alive.
Harden assist title this year 💯💯💯💯
That game absolutely lived up to the hype
Lmao, Kyrie pull up 3

Harden pull up 3

KD pull up 2

Harden fouled on a 3
KD, Kyrie and Harden scored 56 of the Nets 67 2nd half points.
Nets played galaxy brain ball at the end
Nets fans must nearly have a heart attack every game
The real reason other teams should be jealous of us is that we get Ian Eagle to cast almost all of our games every season.
"Trade Kyrie"
Play of the game was Ian Eagle's pun. He was talking about Jean Michel Basquiat. The other guy starts talking "As a collector of black art, I'm impressed by your knowledge of black art Ian, I was thinkin..." and Ian interrupts him with "and harden gets the Basquiat to go."
Nets in a close game in the 4th are scary. 3 great closers in one team is just unfair.
Lol....This is exactly the type of game that gets me in trouble when I tell the missus ‘there’s only 2 minutes left!’
not a bad loss for clippers. they got out talented (kinda weird to say about the clippers) but held on to the bitter end.
Joe Harris learned from his mistakes and the Nets closed out a game
James harden
Kyrie was an experience tonight wow
It's hilarious how the two superteams KD has been apart of are polar opposites of each other on offense. Both have incredible offenses but the warriors were all about ball movement while the nets are all about iso
Batum miss the FT he wanted to hit and then hit the FT he wanted to miss,  tuff
Given how well the Nets play against above-.500 teams, I like their chances in the playoffs (if they can survive the first round).
If there is anything we can all agree on 

Ian Eagle & Grant Hill >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Marv Albert & Chris Webber
That last 2 minutes lasted so long that it felt like we got an overtime
Good game Nets
Harris 3-7 from 3. Impressive.

Kai 6-8 from 3. Efficient.

KD 1-1 from 3. Godlike.
*Maaaan.* I'd sign up for a best of 7 series of this. This game was fun as fuck.
starting to think that having 3 all stars on your team is a good thing
I've been telling my buddies but I could legitimately see this current squad either winning the championship, going out in the first or everything in between. Here's to hoping Marks brings in some pieces for Nash come playoff time.
120 just isn't enough against this nets team. all credit to them for playing a fantastic game. the good news for us is we made a number of fixable mistakes, so hopefully this will end up as a great learning experience for down the road.
imagine getting a stop in the last minute and Reggie Jackson jacks up a pull up three on fast break lmao
Easily my favorite Nets game of the season so far. Made even better by the fact that we had Ian Eagle on the TNT play-by-play instead of Marv.
Well I'll be damned if it isn't the Nets beating another top team despite half this sub calling them a failure already
**INJECT 7 GAMES OF THIS SHIT RIGHT IN MY VEINS**
Kyrie too elite lets gooo
Kyrie is a fuckin magician fr. So many drives today where I legit had no idea how he got the buckets
At last Harden gets some HELP!!
Harden was the best player on the floor tonight. Literally controlled everything and was even playing good defense
Well that was exciting
Kyrie: 39

KD: 28

Harden: 23/11/14

tHeRe'S oNlY oNe BaLl
Clippers kept trying to back down all night even tho whenever they were facing up and driving they were getting to the rim with ease
Lol this sub whines about defense so much but completely misses the fact that the Nets have 3 all-time great closers on their team. Why do you think their 4Q numbers are so dominant?
Ya love to see it! Still feels surreal to me
Absolutely insane shot making by the Nets. But they have possibly the 3 best shot makers in the NBA so what can you do? I like the way we played overall but we really missed Pat Bev on Irving. GG Nets, see you in the Finals lol
That felt like a fucking playoff game. Imagine a 7-game series of this
#**GAME OF THE YEAR gimme 7 games of this in the playoffs**
What a roller coaster ride
Broooooooooooooklyyyyyyynnnnnn!!!! Kings of New York baby.
what qualifies as a clear path foul?
GG clippers. Hope to see y’all in the finals.
Why is Tyronn lue wearing a mask that does nothing?
My dickkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk yes.

Lose to the worst team in the league one night, beat the best team in the league 2 nights later. Just as planned.
Last 3 minutes took half hour to play out
This big three is very good when they're locked in
KD is literally having one of the best comeback from a major injury ever.
something something only one ball

something something do it against a real defense
y’alll got anymore of that 7 games of clippers vs nets
This game is why superteams are good for the league
Inject a 7 game series of this shit into my veins plz!
Jeff green of all people with the clutchest shot
Shit my ass
I enjoyed that game of basketball.
Fack
Kyrie Irving is the ultimate question mark on the NBA hot/crazy scale
🚨🚨🚨 IF YOU OR A LOVED ONE EVER SAID THE NETS SHOULD TRADE KYRIE YOU ARE A CASUAL AND SHOULD STOP TALKING BASKETBALL 🚨🚨🚨

Dude has been averaging nearly 30 ppg all season while easily shooting 50/40/90 and half of this sub thought the nets should trade him for "depth" right after they assembled the best big 3 of all time 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Let it really sink in for a sec. 

The league seriously let the Nets get away with signing Kevin Durant, James Harden, and Kyrie Irving.

**What the *fuck* were we all thinking?**
Wasn’t that not a foul from PG on Kyrie at the end???
Great game. This is the finals I want.
Maaan Clippers gonna beat up the Cavs tomorrow.
Kyrie continues to prove that he is the MOST SKILLED PLAYER IN THE LEAGUE. Nets just need a decent big that can rebound and play defense and they're good.
Lol kd with 28 on 11-13 and can’t make the title
Title couldnt fit KD’s 11/13 lmao
Had $50 on over 241.5 total points. 5 points in the last 6 seconds got it for me.
Nets really have the 3 best iso scorers in the league on one team
Nets undefeated against top 4 seeds in both conferences. LFG!!
Great game. Dumb that fouling can ice wins at the end but cest la vie.

Fucking everyone showed up and balled out. Gotta love it
Lets gooo. Over has been hitting on these Nets games baby
KD is a cheat code 


So efficient , so smooth, so good
A few things:

 Nash was lame as fuck for the those fouls at the end. That said, I fucking LOVED it.

 Ill take a 7 game series of that

 Kyrie just standing at the free throw line looking around after he hit the FTs was fucking dope lmao
The Nets are so damn fun to watch
James "Tom Brady" Harden
Man it sure looked like there were 3 balls out there tonight
People are overreacting on the defense. It can be decent at times, it’s honestly due to their bad role players than the big 3 not being able to play defense 

Shamet was a pylon out there

But the kicker here is, even if the nets don’t win this season. They are guaranteed to get a good defensive wing and a big this offseason and those holes will be plugged 

They will be ridiculous next season
What a game.  Didnt think they were allowed to hug and shit after the game though.  Kinda surprised to see that
Most surprising part of the game: Harden took a midrange that wasn't just an end-of-the-shot-clock bailout midrange. I want to see that more often from him, if his three isn't falling.
Gg nets fans!! Entertaining ass game man. 3 of the best individual scorers and closers on the same team. And your Defense shows up as well. Good luck, hope every stays healthy.
One of the best games I’ve watched in awhile
yo was lue wearing a mesh mask?
Nets-Bucks, Nets-Clippers, 76ers-Lakers, Lakers-Celtics, Lakers-Clippers, Bucks-Lakers. There are some damn good matchups over here.
Can only do so much when the big 3 are all hot. Gg nets!
Never count out the Nets in the 4th quarter. The Clippers may be the kings of the 3rd but Nets rule the fourth
At this point I'm convinced Nets play down to competition. They haven't lost any televised game and beat every team above .500 

The Nets are legit
The fact that KD took 13 shots is mind boggling. Dude is crazy efficient. 11/13 (28points)
Ian and Grant Hill calling this game over Marv and C-Webb made this game so much more enjoyable.
I haven't been a big fan of the superteam/superduo thing, but it is kinda cool to see 5 all nba guys battle like that.
KD was 11/13 and nobody even talks about him because of Kyrie's big night and Harden's triple double sheeeeesh
Forget Irving's 39, Durant had 28 on 13 shots going 11/13 from the field. Just a ridiculously efficient player.
Wait...this sub reddit told me the Nets were trash because they lost a regular season game to Cleveland.
Clippers might have won without Reggies pull up 3 and his foul on Jeff green
That means the Wizards are the best team in the league right now.  Sounds about right.
I'm so hyped for the week where we have Lakers vs nets, and Clippers vs nets again will be so fun. That Cali road trip is killer for teams tho, having to play the Lakers, warriors, clippers and suns
James Harden is a fire hydrant in the post. You can't move him lol. Kawhi tried a couple times and even he failed.
That was a good game. Clippers need someone who can attack the basket besides Kawhi and the Nets need a rim protector.
These refs were trash monkeys today. But good game either way. Very exciting to watch. Someone had to lose
How come that wasn't deemed a clear path when PG was farthest down the floor?
 
Imagine Kevin Durant getting hot. You have to focus on him. Then there’s James Harden, one of the greatest scorers of all time. You have to focus on him. Kyrie Irving, one of the most efficient players of all time. You have to focus on him too. Then, that’s not even the end. Joe Harris is one of the best shooters in the league. You have to focus on him. And then there’s, Jeff Green. He’s not gonna do anything, right??? Other than shoot over 45% from 3......

This Nets team might be as good as the 2017 Warriors.
I may be biased bc I had money on the clippers..but that  call on Morris on hardens 3 did not look like a foul
When 3 superstars get hot in the final stretch, there's nothing much you can do lol! What a fucking game!
Let's put up some facts, since there's so many dumb narratives:

Nets are...

8-3 since the trade

7-2 with Harden playing

4-1 with the Big 3

Sole possession of the 2 seed

4-0 against MIL, LAC, DEN, Jazz

9-3 against above .500 teams (2 of the losses are without Kyrie AND KD)

&#x200B;

People are really sleeping on this team. The ability is there, the effort wavers a little against bad teams. Marks has moves to make to finalize this, but the buyout market should help and they have numerous second round picks and minor trade options they can make.
Kyrie proving he’s still the first option.  Alfred the butler?  Y’all lost y’all motherfucking mind
This might actually work out for the Nets. Only need to put effort in on offense to win cause they know the other team is gonna feast too
Jesus that offensive firepower is so nasty
Major playoff vibes from this game.
Absolutely the smart and right choice to foul up three it just sucks to watch from a neutral fans perspective
The way the nets big three turns on a second gear in the 4th quarter is so much fun to watch
Yeah let’s not pretend this team isn’t gonna go hard anymore
Its nice to have 3 guys that just pull up for fuck you 3's in the clutch
Hardens awareness on late game tactical fouls has been great this season
When Harden, Kyrie, and KD are making those clutch plays down the stretch, you have no chance, even great teams like the Clippers
Well... that was fun
Great game, we beat the best team in the East. Bad game last Sunday but rebounded against an elite team tonight. Hope we can keep gelling
Great game nets. I feel like there were some questionable calls/non calls but still winnable. And a great close out by the nets
Kyrie killed us
Nets shot 57% from the field. This is just absurd lmao
This sub in shambles. Suck on Harden's big balls!
Everyone in the thread losing their minds but the next game we lose against a team under .500 its "ya see this is why ive been saying that this team will never work"
Lakers: Thanks for the assist, Nets.
KD stat line might be the most insane he got 28 points on 13 shots.
I like how KD's game has reached such a ridiculous level where him shooting 11-13 is blasé
The fake crowd noise in Brooklyn is ridiculous. You can barely hear the commentators at points.
WHAT A GAME! I want more of this. Thank you Nets (Coming from a Laker fan. Clipper loss helps in the standings lol)

real talk, definitely a "game of the year" contender so far...
Defense was actually not bad.

By my count the Clippers had 113 possessions and scored 120 points. 

That's a Defensive Rating of 106.2, which would actually rank 3rd in the league (Memphis is second at 106.1). The Clippers had a TS% of 56.3, which would rank 18th in the league. 

Obviously the Nets won't be that good on defense all the time...but it really goes to show what barely playing DeAndre can do.

He's out of position on basically every single defensive possession and isn't able to recover at all. This leads to so many open shots. Removing that from the equation makes things way better.
Nets like lakers seems to make things interesting every game.

What a performance by Irving. I am a big fan of his game and seeing him in this mode is a sight to behold
The Clippers missed Pat Beverly tonight.  They had no answer for K. Irving.
Dont read too much into this guys, Nets can't beat good teams after all.
Anyone else slightly annoyed by the nets fouling at the end to prevent the three? I get it, I would probably do the same thing but it robbed us of the chance for an exciting game tying shot and possibly OT which I would have definitely enjoyed seeing
Gosh dang it!
Shout out to the last 30 seconds taking 10 minutes lol
The Nets will be just fine in the playoffs.
Amazing game
James harden is so freaking good
Kyrie with some insightful comments at the post-game interview there
BUTTCLINCHER
Nets playing up to the level of their competition.
yeaaaa nets world
That stretch towards the end of the fourth is the x-factor superstars bring to a team. Kyrie Harden and Durant just so composed and taking turns knocking down shots in a high pressure situation. Feel like they got a little sloppy in the last minute again but overall their fourth quarter was so satisfying to watch
To from where we were 5 years ago to having Kyrie-Harden-KD on the same team is freaking mind-boggling. What a great win, still cautiously optimistic though, we really need to shore up our center position and defense if we're going to need to compete over a seven game series
Man Kyrie, KD, Harden hit some insane shots in the second half to win this game.
Feels like a playoffs game lol.
MVrie
This was the best basketball game I’ve ever seen
Kawhis defense was amazing, but he was gassed in the second half with all the double teams.
The earth is flat for today
This game could've swung either way. The Nets came very close to repeating that meltdown against the Wizards, but any problem can be solved if you throw enough bucket getters at it. Good game.
1st place Utah Jazz again.
That was legit unfair at the end what the fuck.
Serge" kevin garnett" ibaka 😭😭😭
Did anyone notice that they seem to attack anyone that Batum was guarding down the stretch?
Might be a good idea to trade Joe Harris for a defensive minded player on a  cheap contract for the Nets. They have enough firepower between their big 3 to get every point available.
Got playoff vibes
The big 3 scored 90 pts lol, and I don't even think that was a big scoring night overall. Kyrie obviously blew up but otherwise the other two were fairly tame, KD was just absurdly efficient. Heck you can even say Harden had an off night, but, eh. 

They'll probably break 100 one day.
They break it up by quarter. Its very smart starting green small ball. Get Harden going with assists early in the 1st quarter and kyrie and kd going scoring wise. Get harden scoring and facilitating with the second unit towards the end of the 1st and the 2nd quarter wit kd and kyrie out (shooters in shamet and harris and a lob threat in deandre, its like a second team). 3rd quarter get kyrie and harden goin wit some kd buckets here and there to stay warm for the 4th and sub kd out early. Final quarter kyrie early and kd closer with harden as a threat. Keep harris warm all game in case teams game plan for the big 3.
I love nets. It is exactly as promosed: brutal offense. If these guys find an acceptable level in defense, the NBA is over.
Bkn has shump? Get the man on the court!!
Lol KD with 28 pts on 13 shots, not enough to get into the title of the post
Definitely a sustainable game-plan.
Is this team really working?? Wtf LOL
Great game and the big 3 were outstanding
**ISO GANG**
What a great game
This game was fantastic, really felt like a playoff game between two championship contenders. I am glad we won, but it took great performances from all 3 of our stars. That Clippers team is fricken' stacked, it's going to be super tough to beat them in a series.
Somebody need to tell Kawhi that Harden is not a mismatch on the post
nash looks like a skyrim draugr
Give me 7 rounds of that, please! That was awesome. GG Brooklyn onto the next
Do people like watching the "losing team fouls up 3" strategy? I feel like it makes the game less interesting
KD's efficiency is honestly insane
The nets are clearly the most efficient team in the league. The Big 3 had 90 points on 51 shots. SCARY HOURS AHEAD
The Nets had their best defensive game as a big three tonight and they still gave up 120 pts in a down to the wire shootout. The clippers also got no real production from their two post players and people think the Nets won’t have problems with teams like the 76ers and Bucks that can get downhill on breaks and abuse them in the post.
Lol people saying Clips defense ass act like they weren’t going up against 3 of the best players in NBA. Gg though, give me 7 games of this!!!
The Clippers took **20** more shots than the Nets tonight. That's insane.
Nets this year are a must-watch. A lot of their games are gonna come down to final possessions aren’t they
Betting my entire life savings and mortgage on Nets winning it all.
Is it time we finally admit to ourselves that Kyrie is a superstar?
#Inject these finals into my fucking veins.
What happened to all the Kyrie slander while he was mysteriously absent? Its almost like I said he would be fine because he's super talented and I got downvoted to hell. Where y'all at now?
What a great game
Nets Big 4: Kevin Durant, James Harden, Kyrie Irving, and Tyson Fury.
Really surprised Ty didn't have Ibaka in for the possible board
That was the best coaching performance of Steve Nash thus far. Fouling when up 3? Good move.
There you go. Unstoppable force def. immovable object. Paradox solved.
last 30 seconds sequence was hilariously stupid
Fun shit
These games are fun as hell to watch, the endings have me routinely jumping out of my chair every damn game. I honestly haven’t been this excited watching basketball ever before, I started really watching maybe 10 years ago.
Y'all think the rules ever change as teams become smarter about counter fouling against the intentional foul and endgame meta become ft shooting contests
Hmmm....maybe offense is greater than defense lmaooo who knew??
this was a fun game to watch
not mad about this loss at all. our road trip has been great so far despite missing kawhi and pg for two games and we missed bev a lottttt tonight. gg nets we will see you later this month
box score not updated?
By the transitive property, were better than the clippers
Unbelievable team .. it’s a pleasure watching this historical team right now ❤️
"But there is only one ball??"
As my hero, Johnny Lawrence, said, “the best defense is more offense”. We should just double down on the offense. Let’s get Enes Kanter, Brook Lopez, Lou Williams, Kevin Love, Tim Hardaway Jr., Doug McDermott... can we bring back Marshon Brooks? He was always good for a bucket. 

Realistically though, I'm beginning to think it'll be tough for us to fix the defense when you have Harden/Kyrie playing 30+ minutes a game. They can't guard anyone and they're getting destroyed on switches. We could have Ben Wallace or KG anchoring the D and it'll be brutal. At best, we should try to find ways to limit offensive rebounding/TOs and ways that can reduce opponent shot attempts, because they'll hit anywhere north of 45%.  Basically, if we get to shoot 5-10% more than the opponent does, then we'll probably win more than lose. Play to our strengths, Harden, Durant are good rebounders and any future PF/C we get should just be great at rebounding more than defense. Board and make good decisions should be our mantra.
I can’t believe the Clippers lost after shooting 20 more shots & making 2 more 3s.
Serge with 9 points. Zubac with 2 points...Hideous
Can someone explain to me what a clear path foul is? Cuz they always review for one but they never call one lmao
Probably the last time we”ll see the big 3 playing together as home dogs again this year
You basically have to wear that big 3 to the bone by the 4th to have a chance, if they all feel fresh enough to dominate in the 4th... I legitimately don’t know what a team could do to match their pace
Who was guarding Kawhi? He missed 50% of his shots!
KD with 5 tos and 0 assists is pretty bad
wanna see the nets vs all star bigs (embiid, jokic, ad)
Is it just me, or is watching 5 of the top 15 players in the league going at it super entertaining? I mean if every game between the Nets and the Clips or Lakers is going to be like this, I say bring it on !
BKN doesnt even fucking need 2 other guys to produce offensively, all they need is their 3 to have solid games and for harris to make 2 or 3 3s a game(which he absolutely can) and they are set. everyone else just literally needs to bring energy and defense and they should be a tough out for anyone. only harrisoutside of the big 3 needs to do remotely ANYTHIGN of offensive productivity wise
Can't wait for this matchup in the Finals. Should be a great series
Give me 7 of this in June pls
Harden being able to run the floor with DJ while KD and Irving rest is huge. I didn’t think harden would be the one getting the most minutes but it makes so much sense. Irving still a ball hog lol
Finals Preview??? Nope, NBA says no to that because they want LJ to beat the nets in the finals. lol
The last 7 seconds took 7 minutes. I really hope we don’t start seeing every game just end with the offense purposely intentionally fouling until the game is basically over. That was awful
The Nets kept them under 120 pts. Impressive
What a game, I’ll take this in the finals
such a good game, I want to see more of this
I would have rather lost with PG missing that 3 at the end.
Well we went over a month without this being an anti-Kawhi circlejerk sub. Fun while it lasted
This is how they would have to play when they get deep in the playoffs and I don’t see that holding up too well
The Brooklyn Nets would rather intentionally foul instead of playing some actual defense.
Nets defense is looking really bad. Been giving up over 110 points for awhile now. Playoff time that won’t fly.
[deleted]
thank you nets
The clips rely on Batum wayyyy too much.
FUCK THE CLIPPERS SUCK IT
Refs couldn't even help the slippers win this one. Wayoff P pushing off dudes and somehow getting a foul called on the nets smh
Kyrie is just as good as Harden and a tier below Kd when hot he was the best player on the floor tonight and y’all claim he should’ve retired and he’s not top 10 lol
Be afraid league be very afraid. #Scaryhours are here
Another 10 point lead loss. Looking like the same clips as last yr another loss in the 2nd round incoming
[deleted]
You need a better big man than Zu to help defend the Nets when they have such a big perimeter threat.
Imagine not realizing that the nets are a lock to win the finals 🤡🤡🤡🤡 this subreddit has some of the dumbest casuals who think they are experts, talking about how the sixers and bucks are better than the nets 😂😂😂. "bUt tHe dEfEnSe" "tRaDE kYRiE" 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
lucky game for the nets. They cant do that enough for it to actually matter.
Lmao how the fuck is Kyrie getting the most shots every game that’s fucking stupid
then you double KD, then he passes to Harden lol
Fucking unfair that is lmao
[deleted]
Its like the KD Warriors again
 Cavs run the East so not surprising
[deleted]
Truly Counter Logic!
We really play to our competitions level
They can beat or lose to anyone lmao
‘Rolling through’ is a bit of a misnomer
We do run the East, makes sense.
I mean it took 48 from Bron to beat the Cavs they play their own style the Cavs aren’t a meme this year
I wouldn’t call barely beating teams rolling through the league
Nets are very very good if Nash didn't cost them 4 wins I they would have been league best in terms of record. Growing pains for Nash but come playoff time hopefully he is better.
But they also have to play 38+ minutes every game
As long as the rest of the league doesn't conspire to get the Cavs and Wizards into the playoffs, the Nets will be fine.
Roll through? Hasn’t pretty much ever game been close so far?
Rolls through whole league?
Harden wasn't in the Wizards game and KD wasn't in one of the Cavs games. The other Cavs game with all 3 of them was 2OT and they were gassed.
Exactly as planned
A first round series may or may not be interesting then.
Calling a four point win rolling through seems generous.
Unfortunately, it appears that we just lose to sorry teams
they are gonna be the absolute best playoff crunch time performers after playing the regular season with 72 nail biters
Ngl this is a pretty good analogy
The biggest worry there is just injuries. Playing fast paced games on high minutes is a recipe for disaster
interesting since that was Dantonis philosophy in phoenix. the more possessions the more their advantage won out.
They’ll lose games and all but who’s out scoring them 4 out of 7 times?  Maybe Colin sexton but I don’t see anyone else
I think they were called "The Team That Couldn't Slow Down"
Steve Nash: “I’ve been in this movie before”
You literally just described Mike Dan Tony's philosophy and look at his lack of NBA Finals appearances
You watch that on tv two nights ago?
For those who haven’t watched it, y’all should. On point analogy and the movie was way ahead of its time.
i fucking love that comparison. they have crazy desperation every offensive possession
[I think they were called the team that couldn't slow down](https://youtu.be/DIrIvKKT_nk)
Jarrett Allen as a rim protector is finally getting some respect on his name his absence is huge and the Cavs have enjoyed him so far
Make it so. Warp speed. The faster than light nets vs the Suns in the finals. Boom it.
I would've chosen the Jason Statham classic Crank, but Speed is also a good one.
It was only bricks! No baby!
watching them go to work in the 4th gave me the same feeling as the bus jump in Speed
Bravo
Bill Simmons is gonna steal this comp
Thank you for specifying the Keanu Reeves film, “Speed,” and not some other movie by the same title
If any team can do it then it would be them though. They didnt really seem gassed. Durant was coastin he was 11/13 lol they just cant have any injuries
ITLL make they’re finals run even more interesting to watch
Hi I'm a Netflix exec, any chance you like money?
And you have Nash and D'Anthony steering this team. They'll happily go along and just think the bomb is a great excuse  for them to keep going for 50 miles/h
There is no way he doesn’t win it, now that he’s got crazy firepower next to him and doesn’t have to score 30+ a game he legit looks like the best facilitator in the league. Dude could prob avg 14apg if he really wanted to
Give him Drummond and he is averaging 15
lol that one possession where Harden is telling DJ where to go, and it eventually leads to an easy dunk.
16/1 odds before the season!!!
It was like watching a meaningful all-star game.
There were some beautiful stretches in this game. So much talent and shot making on one floor
Definitely. I was pleasantly surprised by it, half of me expected it to be a blowout one way or the other for some reason.
Finals preview baby
Fo real! This was a good game.
when i saw the celts were at 10 after my bed time i was pretty happy to get this game as a consolation and damn was it a good one
Dagger after dagger, after dagger. It seemed demoralizing but props to Clips for even fighting through each time.
that sequence was disgusting. Clippers should have capitalized when KD and irving was on the bench at the start of the 4th quarter but couldn't
Nasty sequence that should have ended the game.
Clippers have PG and Kawhi on defense which is about as good as you can possibly get in terms of wing defenders and that still leaves one of the nets big 3 with a big mismatch to capitalize on
It was a cheat code
Really is the complete package lmfao
It felt like I was watching 2k on rookie mode fml
2K realistic asf this year
The offensive hive mind known as the Nets big 3 iced that game.


tHeRe'S oNlY oNe BaLl
F I R E P O W E R
That harden foul loomed large
[Sean Marks be like](https://youtu.be/g7-tskP0OzI)
Harden floater, Kyrie layup, kd midrange - choose your poison
And the Clippers still got to within a point. This Nets team is wild.
Still only won by four.
“Fouled”
And people say “muh muh muh Lakers top contenders muh muh muh lebron MVP!!!”
All 3 of them really just saw Batum and immediately hit a pull up 3 on his face lmao
Even in the death line up Warriors, you could somewhat predict them offensively. I genuinely think this team surpasses any prior in sheer offensive talent. Harden, KD, and Kyrie can score on legitimately any coverage and from anywhere, it's unbelievable.
That stretch was so much fun to watch
The Clippers really missed Beverly to guard Kyrie.
Live by the big three, die by the big three
[deleted]
Superteams are scary.
Goddamn!
Their playoff series with some good team like Celtics, mil, or even Miami would be fun to watch. 

How the coaches work out how to play the three in a 7 game series. I think their answer is a decent offense and an incredible defense.
KD didn't even attempt a 3
Teams in Europe do this all the time,I like that NBA teams are alyo fouling when 3pt up,it just removes the risk especially when you have the better FT shooters
People like it because it’s novel, but if it starts being a thing then the NBA has to go 3 to make 2 in certain situations to take away some of the advantage.
The shakes, they never cease
Lakers do the same to us
accurate
It's not a Nets game if I don't go into cardiac arrest at least twice.
Used to it already.

But before KD and Kyrie, it was a heart attack at how ass we always were MINUS DLo led playoff squad. That season will always have a special place in my heart.
Let me tell you it ain’t that fun sweating every game.   

My wife can’t stand it
The best team for a neutral, what a sight
Seriously, we're spoiled.
Y’all got Ian and the Knicks got Mike Breen. I love my guy but these two are in a league of their own.
The YES team is hands down the best in the league.
We got his son! Noah!
The “in the basciato” line was great right after the Basquiat art mention
I'm more jealous nets get richard jefferson
actually unfair
Clippers are very lucky to have his son do our radio games
I feel like I used to listen to him way back on the radio in like the late 90s and early 00s, for Jets games and maybe some Knicks games.
When Kyrie hit a jumpshot early in the game, before the ball was even in the net Ian goes "HE'S A DOOKIE," and I almost choked on my drink.      

I know that boils down to a 2 point basket, and I love Ian, Sarah, Richard, and Grady all very much, but I don't ever think I've heard a commentator say that. And now I love Ian more for making me think about and discuss his commentating a day after a regular season game. We need him broadcasting some part of the playoffs nationally as a gift to this great nation.
My favorite commentator. Like him even better than Kevin Harlan these days. Mike Breen's been making some mistakes these years.
Shout out to all the r/nba members who constantly was shitting on Kyrie. Hate the man all you want but this guy oozes ball. It's freaking unreal.
it's never been about HIS quality though. it's never been in question. He can ball really well, but they have a historically shit defense. They'd make for great all-star games but terrible finals games
If you don’t think this team would be better with whatever they could fetch for Kyrie then I don’t know what you are watching.
IBLOCKA
Grant Hill. Former (along with Jason Kidd) co-rookie of the year.
He's the Kyrie of commentators.
He's the best
And they have so many phenomenal FT shooters. Intentionally fouling them doesn’t mean much.
Very scary, Kawhi and PG were amazing as well but Reggie messed up so many time for them.
Honestly, I think this is what they are counting on.  In the 4th quarter of late round playoffs the game slows down, and these are some of the best guys to have one the court at the time.  The defense is bad but I'd like to think that Durant and Harden can step up defensively for a handful of possessions in a close game.
Idk man, there’s only one ball.
“2 *basketball* minutes”
Final minute took up 15 minutes of real time. Not even kidding, it began at 9:52 eastern and ended at 10:07
When fresh food goes from steaming hot to ice cold watching the final 30 seconds of an NBA game
Remember the OKC-Hou Game 7 that had the last 3 seconds last for literally 15 minutes? Lmao
I can’t wait for the nba to adopt the elam ending
No kidding I had a baby I needed to get ready for bed and the last 30 seconds was 10 min
“2 minutes isn’t 2 minutes, I’ll explain it to you later”
yeah i’m not mad about this especially considering it’s pretty deep into our road trip and probably our toughest matchup
It will help having Pbev back.  Kyrie still could have popped off but i guarantee we would have gotten some of those 50/50 balls that lead to transition layups and 2 back breaking 3's.
harden took the ball from him on that football inbound lol
That moment where he goes for the inbound and Harden just tells him to gtfo
Harden isn't letting Harris to inbound during crucial moments. He is the one inbounding now. Lol
James "Tom Brady" Harden
And the funny thing is, we were trying to give the Clips this game. I'm like, "Ayo, don't y'all **learn**!" But great W.
I'll take it.
kyrie irving
he's pretty good
Except for that kawhi block every finish it just looked like he already what the defense was going to do
Exactly and he excels in both
The Nets aren't ALL about iso. We iso in the 4th quarter absolutely, but we run the 7 seconds or less offense early in the games. Mike Dan Tony's DNA is all over this team.
Nets had 25 assists to the Clippers' 21. Don't think they're really "all about iso" at all
He's one of the most portable players ever.
live by the three die by the three

live by the iso die by the iso

it’s funny cus clips died by the iso last year but are living by the three rn
we have like the highest assist rate of pretty much any team...
That must be frustrating as f lol
just hope they dont play the cavs or the wizards
Imagine if the east playoffs is two teams under .500 in the first two rounds for y'all
I think the nets in the playoffs will be fine. They will have a better team after the buyout guys are available and they will take every night more seriously
I believe it’s them and Lakers tied for most wins above .500
Sexton coming for that ass tho
Nets need a center. Waiting for that Andre Drummond buyout
I imagine the nets are going to be like the time Marick and Joey were having a duel and Joey fell from exhaustion. 

These games are going to take a toll on these guys
Honestly looking like a finals preview. Kyga is insane.
No matter what happens every Nets series is going to 7 games
Grant Hill is also suave.
Kevin Harlan over all of them
That’s *not* what she said.
You made me chuckle
I just wish the final minute didn't take up 15 minutes of real time, but that's a small price to pay for a thriller like this
game of the year by far. only thing missing was a game winner but god the level of basketball was off the charts today
you know the NBA ain't gonna let that happen, they're gonna try their best to let LJ beat the Nets in the finals.
All decade NBA*
Not even just 3 all stars, 2 all time great prob top 5 offensive players ever and then a third all star/all nba player with very elite offense
3 All Stars is underselling it.

It's 3 superstars.

3 of the top 15 players on one team.
Looking forward to claxton coming back midseason. Gonna be big for the 5 considering our starter rn
I was annoyed by that.
Agreed. The Nets vs Bucks game was great too, but the commentary ruined it. Ian Eagle makes watching the game that much better.
That's just how r/nba is, it's pathetic but you'll get use to it
Let me know when they beat the wizards or  cavs and then we talk
Clippers better do their job this season so we can finally get the battle of LA first.
That would be awesome but ide rather not
Lakers vs Nets hopefully.
https://imgur.com/t/dave_chappelle/QA7zS
Imo KD might be the best player on the team but harden is the most important, he’s still an insane scorer but his facilitating is just head and shoulders above anyone in the league rt now. Man is just controlling games with his playmaking. Also his D was super legit tonight and that’s what I fully expect it to look like in the playoffs because he’s looked legit the past few yrs in the playoffs.
It's gotta be Kyrie. He was making everything.
felt like the clippers went at harden like 10 times and maybe scored twice.  people haven't figured out harden is hard to score on one-on-one.  it's making him move, fight over screens, and pay attention to off-ball movement where he struggles sometimes.  one on one he can't be posted up and rarely gets beat by anybody but the really fast guards.
But he sucks at defense and he’s a ball hog that stat pads and is literally hitler
They are not wrong but it appears that they can share it.
Rest of the league waking up in a cold sweat from nightmares about playing with more than one
It’s early days it can work but the concerns are genuine.
That’s what happens when you trade away almost all competent role players.l and leave the Big 3 to do their thing
They kept trying it on Harden, when he is god damn good post defender. He is too strong to bully like that.
Only one posting up should be Kawhi on a mismatch. That 1st quarter was filthy
And not many teams can keep up with them offensively too. They will be very very tough to beat
People latched on the "worst defensive numbers of all time" part and conveniently ignored the "best offensive numbers of all time" follow up
casuals bro. casuals
But the real question is if they only had 2 of their big 3, and a bunch of solid roleplayers in replacement of their 3rd, would they be better than they are now?
I was laughing with Grant Hill after every ridiculous shot :')
we actually didnt shoot it that well from 3 tonight. but we definitely hit some  very tough shots.
Yeah even with the L that was a ton of fun. GG Brooklyn.
Cavs-Nets was better
LeBron not letting that happen
Wait
That would mean we're both in the Finals. I'm okay with that.
Lol Clippers gotta get to the finals for that to happen. You guys like acting like last season was a decade ago or something
Praying for this finals matchup.

LeFuckLeBron
That’ll be Lakers vs nets. Y’all are yesterday’s news
When there is no defender in front of the offensive player during transition.
When there are no defenders closer to the basket than the player being fouled and the fouling player. Joe Harris was closer to the basket than Batum.
i hope so too 💛
That would be amazing series
He’s wearing the matching lingerie under his suit
it actually does its job, triple layered. science is impressive
I was thinking the same thing
It’s fitting.  He does nothing.   Lebron ran that team and Leonard runs this one
???? Y'all beat the lakers?
The Harden to Green connection is beautiful
Knicks don't like injured KD.
But yesterday everyone in the subreddit was saying they are bad. Cant win without defense and there is only one ball. Lool maybe a middle ground is the correct take. They are very talented but they also have clear weakness.
PG certainly didn't think so lol
tbf we prolly wouldn’t have won it either way but i don’t think that was a foul.
I think Kawhi fouled him anyways?
Why was he even complaining? If they dont call the foul, time runs out
You'd rate Kyrie over Steph?
Can’t wait to play y’all
Why is it dumb? It may not be the most pleasing to watch but it’s a really smart and valid strategy if executed right like tonight.
bruh he just paused and let it sink
Their defense won't matter until round 2 at earliest anyways.
A lot of coaches, especially in college sports, have been wearing those. I think it makes it easier for people to hear them, less muffling.
[removed]
5 turnovers tho, some of them were really bad
It doesn’t even add up lol
The east runs through Cleveland
makes sense to me
Thicc
PG is there the fuck lol
PG was getting hoed by the refs
Their union stops the NBA from fining them or something?

I read bad performances mean they don't get to call the playoffs but idk.
i don’t get it either. i was pissed
I concur
iirc they deemed the ball was still in the hands of Batum and thus Harris was in front of him making it a common foul. Rule still needs to be changed to make that play a clear path imo
> This Nets team might be as good as the 2017 Warriors.

Ok, no, let's calm down a bit.

GSW had the best offense and the 2nd best defense of the regular season, with a net rating of +11.6.

Playoffs? Second best for both, good for an absurd +13.5 net rating.
Let’s not get ahead of ourselves here. The 17 Warriors also played amazing defense to pair with their ridiculous offense.
Relax
Nets offense is better but the 2017 warriors team was definitely better
If they have a top 15 defense they could possible be a dynasty
Chill lmao
Yes, I will have one of whatever this man is smoking!
Not as good defensively
this sub is ridiculous. Our defense is still dogshit. Settle down
Lol
Noooooooo No one can be 2017 Warriors. They still give me nightmares
You wanna crown them then crown their ass.  They are who we thought they were
Defense is not even somewhat close to what the Warriors were. If we talk offensively there would deff be an argument. It has been 7 games with all them playing, you gotta chill lol
Weird reffing all night imo. A lot of ticky tack fouls were called and a lot of very clear fouls weren’t
i hate to blame refs and don’t think they made us lose at all but yeah that was a really really soft call and there was a ghost foul called on pg to start as well. plus kawhi was getting hacked out there and couldn’t buy a call in the second quarter but it’s alright. nets played great
Imo it was a soft call but it was a foul.
it was hard to see but they finally got an angle that showed it pretty clearly.  it was so short and to the right and had that characteristic flatness to it that always seems to go with guy's getting their arm/elbow hit.
Clippers genuinely needed Pat Bev to at least slow Kyrie Irving down somewhat.
Definitely playoff minutes for James Harden lol, trying to play him into shape
From the clippers fan perspective too
Watching the game I actually thought he played poorly. Shows how shit my eye test is 😅
we've had like 5 of these already unfortunately. every fucking game comes down to the 4th.
Depends on the matchup. He was pretty useful against giannis and did well against zubac. But he cannot guard the pnr against a legit threat like dame or someone for example
He’ll foul out in 5 minutes trying to stop kyrie
Also allowed the over to hit, I’m sure there’s bettors out there pretty pissed about that
Blame the system not the player
Golly darn
I look at my RHJ jersey after every game just in disbelief of where we are now
yeah i’m not surprised considering we’re at the end of a road trip and didn’t have bev. great game and i’m not mad about the loss
They should trade him for jarette allen or someone in the cavs. I want to see him get a second chance with that team.
To be fair I've seen many games where Kawhi scored on him easily in the post lol. Just not in that possession
I don’t think it’s great to watch but I do think it’s a legit strategy
Effortless 28 points.
Only issue is turnovers. He had 5 horrendous ones tonight, nearly every one led to a bucket the other way
Per 100 I think they had around a 106 defensive rating which is great. Pace was high
The nets had 10 more free throws and 8 more turnovers. So basically 13 possessions right there and then the rest were the boards
Not a smart idea to bet against LeBron.
Clipper fans and presumptuous ideas of getting to the finals. This seems familiar
A defending player fouls an offensive player on the fastbreak and there are no other defending players nearer the basket. 

The reason it exists is to facilitate fastbreak highlights, and as such isn't a thing under FIBA rules.
Harden was clamping him in the post
Durant mostly.
Like how the Clips were supposed to be there last season? Right
noooo i loved that 3 from pg. he needed to show he can hit tough shots in the clutch like that
No, they'd rather Win
its the smart play there. we lost to the cavs because we didnt intentionally foul
Doesn’t matter when you can always outscore your opponent. You don’t get points for defense
I wanted to root for them, but just couldn’t do it lol sucks when you want both teams to lose
No. Hardens playmaking is on an entirely different tier than Kyrie's.
This is 💯% true. Kyrie is the most skilled player in the league and really only a little below durant and lebron and maybe kawhi. He's on the same tier as curry, harden, etc.
they have Beverley and Kennard to replace Jackson
no he doesn't just because he's made a couple bad plays this game doesn't mean he sucks. he's been playing really well for us the last 6 games
Why? He's shooting 50/40/90. Stop being a casual.
then you say, fuck it, double Harden too, and now they have two open guys who are both shooting over 46% on 3s this season.
Lmao facts it's comedy at this point
Lmao that is fucking unfair
I think come the post-season there's going to be a lot of focus on James and KD, and it will be up to Kyrie to do the carrying in the end of games. Just hope your 3rd-5th defenders are good enough.
god damn crunchwrap supremes are 3.79 now? fuck inflation
Lol ikr! They totally couldn’t handle the intensity and hustle of a Crunch Wrap Supreme® available for $3.79 at Taco Bell.
r/hailcorporate
Yeah they’re gonna score basically every possession but then again, so are you.
Yeah, people over here going wild over their offense while ignoring that even with all these ridiculous matchups they only won by four.
[deleted]
But not nearly as deep
Not at all, the KD Warriors were good at defense...
Less depth, less defense, and less star power cause GS had 4 all stars. But just as good or even better offense. The biggest difference with GS and the Nets is that everyone thought GS to be the favorites cause they were already good before KD came despite losing in the finals when Kyrie and Love were healthy. The Nets are still not the favorites bc of the weaknesses people say we have

Also, ofc this time KD built a team that truly needed him rather than joining a team that was already established with a winning system and culture. This whole team is surrounded with KDs friends and peers
i’d argue that first loss came from not fouling while up 3 with 1.8 secs left. 

sucks they lost allen tho. team would be even more disgusting with him.
current clg would definitely get that second part down pat, the first part... uhhh
Any team can beat or lose to anyone. Y'all lost to the Pistons...although AD was out but still
They play no defense so every game literally comes down to shooting luck
The trick is that they get to miss games in between the tough ones. That helps a lot
It’s not our fault Harden’s scared of us.
I mean their coaching staff are the SSOL Suns
It really is and if you watched it actually makes sense, their playstyle has to be insane to win
To a point, but if I'm the Clippers I wouldn't be too disappointed. The Nets trio went Supernova with insane efficiency while the Clippers missed Beverly (huge for defending Kyrie) and lost by 4 points. If the Nets get a Center its over tho.
Crank is a better analogy. Much worse movie, but better analogy.
The broadcast mentioned that Kyrie, Harden, and KD were all playing lots of minutes in the games that they did play in, but with them all frequently sitting a game out here and there (note: I don't know if this is actually true, I just heard them say it) it drastically pulled their total usage down. Seems like a balancing act that they will try to ride out as long as they can.
True. Especially when Kyrie isn't a durable player and KD is coming off a major injury. We fans just hope they can stay healthy. NBA is more fun to watch when the best guys play
It's gonna be interesting. Nets seem to rest one out of the big three against most teams so it's interesting to see if playing more often but low minutes when you do play is better for staying injury-free than playing heavy minutes but sitting less games.
Honestly I mean it didn’t even look like they were trying *that* hard last night. Like yeah everybody got theirs, but they literally just gave the ball to whoever Kawhi and PG weren’t guarding. They can score a bunch without that much effort
It all works until playoff time
Teams with good bigs
Playoffs is a totally different thing tho. Nobody is just gonna go smoothly with a shootout in a playoffs, you'll see much more effort in transition D, pace control. Also this is just not a sustainable plystyle in the Po assuminy that you will just have godlike shooting/score every night since you're obviously not stop LeBron/AD combo with that squad. Also do you really go 7x 48 min with your big guns? Because the Lakers don't have to do that.
It stinks. It stinks. It stinkssss
[deleted]
he has got extremely unlucky over the years 

2007 vs spurs with the amare suspension or 2018 chris paul injury
What, you don't know the 2017 *Speed* starring Jules Bodin?
He decides in any given season whether he wants the scoring title or the assist title lol
That was really funny
Amazing how nobody thst closed that game wouldve been considered a true PF, much less a center a decade ago. Just all skill.
All-stars Kevin Durant, Paul George, Kawhi Leonard, Kyrie Irving, James Harden, and Nicolas Batum
They had me when Clippers had a 10 point lead in the first minutes
I really hope it isn't lol
I think Harden is unleashed more when KD and Kyrie actually goes to the bench. He becomes the main playmaker when all 3 are in.
harden running the bench unit is not much different than him carrying some of the subpar rockets rosters over the years, and he always took em to the playoffs
We shouldnt be playing small lineup when Nets struggle to rebound. Ibaka should have played in 4th qrt.
You could only laugh
I would have been demoralised. In those type of situations I think the stars are always gutted until a role player manages to make a clutch 3 since he hasn't the same pressure as them.
not joking but we missed pat bev D on kyrie reggie can’t guard shit
That's why bev is so important for this seasons playoffs
Clips definitely missed Bev today
With sliders all the way up.
There is, and it just keeps going through the hoop

^(credit to /u/HumblestManOnEarth for that line lol)
was always stupid to be skeptical of this team’s offense

the issue is clearly the defense
Someone was arguing with me that this team needs more playmakers because Kyrie is an “average playmaking pg”. I was in shock, like id have a hard time making 10 teams in nba history with more playmaking.
There is, but there are about 105 possessions with it
Bro what is up with your obsession with the Lakers lmao this is a Clippers vs Nets thread
What do the Lakers have to do with this
I mean they still are
What does Lebron have to do with anything?? Does another grown man make you think about him this much? He’s not gonna shag you mate.
Rent free
facts bro the lakers could never win a chip and brons a bum anyway right
They're the reigning champions, respect them?
Not a hater but every bit of NBA history says that you have to play at least a teeny bit of defense to win a title so until the Nets win a title like this I think you're pretty safe being pessimistic about their chances.  It is fun to watch though.
That was so brutal lol I felt so bad for him, especially considering he was guarding them pretty well. Just better offense
The real tough part is you can’t double team any of them. If one of them starts cooking line Kyrie did, there’s nothing you can do to stop it. And it’s basically a guarantee one of these will get cooking at least every game.
Arguably the top 3 iso scorers in the league on one team
Legit looked exactly like all-star game lol
Kyrie couldn’t miss
I mean… it was a pretty close game, not really unstoppable
Common sense: Nooooo you're supposed to play defense defense wins championships!!!!

Brooklyn: Glass cannon go brrrrr
The only problem with it is if the guy with the ball wises up to it and turns it into a shooting foul and get an easier attempt at 3 points
Fr
We get a 10pt lead easy and then they stop trying until the we are down by 2 or up by 1.


I already got enough stress with school bro and they don't make it better
It's not always about the Lakers...
The Brooklyn Nets is what the New York Knicks thinks it is
NY Broadcasting teams stay undefeated
Kevin Harlan is in a league of his own as well. Single handedly carrying TNT
Found Richard Jefferson's burner account.

Kidding. It's true.
I would disagree (as would all Knicks fans), but I’m extremely biased in my intense love for Mike and Clyde
You're gonna have him for a while. Ian bet him today that Brooklyn was going to win, as a result he has to repay his dad for the 4 years at Syracuse.
People really took Stephan A Smiths side over him lol. The hates unreal.
He's so fucking good.
I don’t think people are shitting on him for his offense lol
Kyrie is SAAAAAUUUUUUUUCY, I just think this Nets team would be more scary with a serviceable/good defence cast for sacrificing Kyrie. But then again this team is more fun to watch so I’m not complaining, just think it would make the Nets more likely to win if they traded Kyrie
I was thinking it was Chris Webber but I was too lazy to look it up.
yeah, i think this played into nash's decision to intentionally foul up by 3. you know you're getting an 87, 88, or 94% ft shooter on the other end, they'll trade free throws all day.
Now that we're not playing Jordan to close out games, yeah. He's historically bad, but he's only playing like 15 minutes a game, Jeff Green getting the bulk.
we will throw the ball away over and over again tho.
 Clippers could have easily won this game but had some horrid possessions down the stretch where they just chucked a 3 instead of looking for a good shot
https://i.imgur.com/j9ThoZb.jpg
2 namek minutes
> Final minute took up 15 minutes of real time.

You givin' PTSD, bro!
>I had a baby

You know it was long if you went through a whole-ass labor and birth during that time.
Those shots Kyrie was making.. it did not matter who was guarding him, many were contested. It was just crazy.
to be fair, y'all had manchurian candidate shamet trying to help y'all out.
"Uh uh, gimme that."
Bruh he snatched that shit
I think that was the play.  You can see Nash signal.
link?
it's funny, one of harden's weaknesses is getting open for those last second free throws.  now he can use his amazing passing and his options are 1 of 2 insane free throw shooters.
Deshawn Watson* he comes from Houston
I mean you can put KD on any team and he fits
True all time great scorer
...pause?
LMAO can you imagine if the Wizards turned it around and we somehow did get a Nets/Wizards first round series
Dw Russ isn’t making that shot 4 out of 7 times
We are f'ed then
Yes but the nets have two less losses against said teams.
Wouldn’t know that with the way our fans bitch
lol Joey jobbed out so hard there.
I mean that's how all games end when one team is chasing the score
What if they changed it so that a foul in the last minute of play awards 3 FTs instead?
yall say game of the year “by far” after every good game lol
I mean we had the 2 OT game and the wizards 146-149 game... but yeah talent and intensity wise it might have been.
you realize the Cavs vs Nets double OT game and Wizards vs Nets game happened right? Not even close to GOTY lmao
Fun game but not quite GOTY
if a team out of the west wins the championship, it might be an all timer. Gotta go through PG/Kawhi or AD/LeBron and then the KD/Kyrie/Harden Nets.
Kyrie was the best scorer.

Harden was the better player overall though. His playmaking is only bested only by LeBron and maybe Jokic
Harden had 14 assists to his 2
He was BBQ chicken on D
theres more to basketball than scoring
It's only going to get better with building chemistry. 


If they can add to that defensive end will make them a league threat. Remember, LeBron didn't win the first year he landed with the Lakers.
Role players are easily replaced with a competent front office.
bballbreakdown said that Nash should really consider playing Harden at the 5 on defense. mismatch doesn’t exist with him
Watching Kawhi try to back him down was hilarious.

There are very few players that will be able to bully Harden in the post and I would say most of them would be a lot bigger than him, not a guy two inches taller than him like Kawhi.
I don't think any team can keep up with us offensively, but our defense sucks until the game slows down so it comes close to balancing out.
No, James Harden is worth more than Allen and LeVert. You ignore the picks. The team got better this season with the trade
GGs man that was a hell of a game. The teams matchup really well against each other.
GGs Clipper bros
we definitely needed this one more record wise than yall.
Straight respect. We love to see it. Hope we see you guys  in the finals
Sexton transcended the laws of humanity that game.

LeBron  is 36
LeBron is too worried about courtside Karens to actually make the Finals
I’m not saying it’ll happen I’m just throwing out wishful thinking
Obviously I want the Clippers to win a chip, but if they lost to the Nets I'd be happy DJ and Nash get a ring.
Clips are playing better this season than last, so I’ll take that even if it means we’re “yesterday’s news”
And the knicks are last century’s news
Best team = the team that has the best record and also had their stars miss several games.
KD don’t like whatever the fuck the Knicks have been the last few years
But if it went out on Kyrie it would be Clippers ball
In ISO yes. Steph is better in everything else though.
We only play once. At Staples. That sucks. :(
The rules are dumb. Nash and the nets were smart. I should have been clearer
Starting to agree
The crunch time turnover was awful, worse than Reggie Jacksons pull up 3 in transition.
He gets his shit blocked most of the time
both kawhi and PG got hacked all night at the rim
they get fined and penalized but it's typically in private
lol if they made that a clear path, that would also kill all intentional fouls on breaks or up by 3.
yeah this team is not close to the warriors at all. but they might be close offensively or better. Mostly because they trade so much defense for offense. Warriors had draymond and iggy who were monsters on defense but could be ignored somewhat on offense. this nets team with green at the 5 has 5 40% shooters from deep, 4 that are absolutely snipers in harris, durant, kyrie and harden. Green is the guy you want to leave open but hes been hitting enough to make it tough.
I’m not gonna put too much value in 2 losses against the Cavaliers and a loss to the Wizards with Harden out
6-1 with all 3 stars playing, and the 1 loss was their first game
Kyrie would abuse Bev. He ain't slowing him down
bev has been hoopin this season and hasn’t fouled out once but whatever helps you sleep at night ❤️
Do you know who the next 4 years belong to?
Tbh I have no idea what you just said. “The over to hit”?
The pace was high but the clippers also shot 20 more times than the Nets which is easier to punish when you have players like Embiid, Ad, Giannis and sabonis when you give up that many 2nd chance fg attempts and turnovers, the more worrying thing is 3 of those players play in your conference and will most likely be in the playoffs.
I'm not allowed to want to be in the Finals now?
Apparently it also needs to be a “non basketball play” as well, if you’re going for a steal and foul the guy it’s not a clear path
They will this year. Y'all won't get lucky to dodge them again
No, the last one where it didn't count because Batum got fouled.
Yeah but it allows you to take offensive possessions off. They have to have a great game to win and doing that over the season will be tiring. Plus their bench is trash so their stars have to do everything further adding to their work load. They’ll be playing at a disadvantage because other teams will be more fresh because they have a better bench.
Lol entirely different tier is a stretch , Kyrie can play make just as well he just decides to score y’all say whatever just to not give Kyrie his props since when is Harden a generational playmaker like Cp3 lol wtf
If you want Kyrie taking more shots than KD you are absolutely kidding yourself. He’s also shooting 52/44/87.
Yeah lol, then Harden produces an open-gym level three point shot for Joe Harris.
Then DeAndre Jordan is open. 

THE LOB! THE J...

Just kidding we’re in 2021 not 2011
No ones mentioning that if you do all that you’re leaving Joe Harris open who is an elite three point shooter.
I'm actually super curious to see the playoffs because their defense is really going to have to lock down. They're going to have a really hard time with Embiid, Giannis and AD.
Even with this the Nets only won by 4...
Grande soft taco back in like 05 was $1.40 if I remember right. They were packed too. When in college and broke buying 4 of those bad boys for $6 leaves you enough money to buy your drugs and alcohol for the night.
4.49 at my franchisee TB

Washington state
up until like 2 years ago they still had a bomb-ass dollar menu. once they went breakfast then COVID they started to wise up like all the rest of the fast food giants.. sucks.
Oh believe me I realized that. I ain’t trippin over their offense. Teams as good as Clippers and Lakers will give them trouble in the Playoffs.
i have a feeling they're gonna start focusing more on d in practices later in the year, harden's actually been a solid defender on the rockets since 2018, and KD's length helps him be a very good contester. Idk what kyrie does since I haven't watched him as much since hes not in the west, but sure, he'll probably be good too
More star power balances it out
If this team had Draymond, they would also waltz into multiple titles, IMO.
But more fucking skilled.
It's weird that Nets fans don't miss Jarrett Allen
If you don't have faith why are you even here.... but srsly im excited about Finn
And now they are the Seven Stops or Less Nets
Kyrie got the insane part covered.
Games auto slow down in the playoffs though
Yeah, this was only the fifth game that all three played together
That’s the biggest benefit of having 3 stars. Sure it’s nice to be able play all 3 of them, and they will come playoff time. I think an even biggest benefit though is that they can sit anyone of the 3 of them on a given night for rest, injuries, Kyrie doing something crazy again, etc. and still be one of the best offensive teams in the league.
Which is better than minutes restrictions. Getting an entire game off gives so much more rest than playing 5mpg less for 7 games, because you also don't have to do warmups, cooldowns and all the other game day stuff.
But is that sustainable in the playoffs? With a lot of gritty teams now in the East, it doesn’t really seem like it.
It's true, we've seen a lot of combinations of the big 3. It does make it less consistent especially when they are still trying to work Harden in. Fortunately These guys seem to be able to just jump in after barely any conditioning. 

Only lost one game with all three playing so far and that was the first Cavs game when Sexton went off in 2OT.
The 2nd or 3rd round is where they'll actually try. The first round should be extended regular season.
For Nets fans maybe
There isn't too much fun when they all play together.
If it works this team would be an outlier. They will have much better odds if they can at least get into a top 15 range of defense. I don't think this will be the final roster for this team so that is possible.
In playoffs when they miss on several straight possessions in the 4th but their opponent gets easier looks and pulls away, they'll have no way to slow them down defensively.  Been watching dantoni in the playoffs for too many years, it'll be lit tho!
is that when robert horry body checks you into the stands and then gets half your team ejected?
When do they play the nuggets? Or the 76ers next? I'm curious how joel embiid or jokic will do against them.
[In case you are unaware of the reference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qaS4KhtQNE)
27 3s missed. In a row.
there is also no way he had the more talented team in 2005, 2007, 2018, or 2019.  people act like his best teams were just out here losing to 6th seeds and not teams with 3 and 4 hall of famers all smack dab in the middle of their primes.  and like d'antoni wasn't on the verge of beating some of them until the luck you brought up.
Guy's truly unreal I love watching him even more on the Nets now. No need to foul-bait any more, just want him to have a few crazy iso games.
Forreal it’s insane, dude is gonna have like 3 scoring titles and 2 assist titles in the past like 6-7 years or some shit, that’s just absolutely disgusting, one of the best offensive players in the history of the sport and probably will be forever even 50yrs from now
Subscribe
He was filthy in that 2nd quarter. Give him a couple shooters and a lob threat, and he's destroying benches.
he's been doing it alone for 8 years. he knows it
Harden + a big that can dunk suddenly turns into a top 10 offense.
Honestly that exactly what went through my mind. They've benched Jordan so he could "start" in the 2nd unit with Harden in a Capela-like roll man role, and it just worked.
bruh 😂
for real, he made Kenneth Faried look amazing and that guy hasn't gotten onto a roster since then
Small ball is the worst offense you can have against the nets. I dont know why more coaches dont understand this by now. Although I gotta say the nets played much better def tonight.
think Ty Lue might be hiding that for later
When you want to nerf the other team
At one point I felt bad for Kawhi when PG was on the bench and he was facing those three superstars.
Doesn't help that lou is a brick factory.
Pat Bev is criminally underrated. He's so important to that Clips team
what injury does he have?
Brave take. Harden has regularly cooked Pat Bev on offense
Giving credit, you don’t see that everyday. Respect friend
that playmaking need was filled and then some when harden game along
I guess dude just saw Los Angeles and thought we were the ones that lost tonight lmao
It’s insane the Nets have these 3 players and they aren’t the top contenders
Plus there's Joe Harris, and he's not even just a catch and shoot guy, he can put the ball on the floor and finish at the rim pretty well too.
They’ll probably not be cooking every single game but I don’t see anyone beating them 4/7... sure the opponents will win some games but not four games... unless Colin Sexton is playing (or maybe the lakers lol)... otherwise, no.
They’ve still been doubling KD when he get into his shooting mode but they can’t commit completely
Why do they even need the rest of the players on their team?
He legit putting up disgusting shooting splits this year. He was 54 42 92 prior to this game.  Could be a historic season.
The big 3 are 6-1 when they play with their 1 loss being the first game they played
lmao pretty close game against a top 3 team in the West, yes. 
...is that a bad thing?
Against the number 1 seed in the NFL tho...
lol they need to play a little D.

GSW and LBJ's Cavs teams often didn't play much D in the regular season and then turned it up in the playoffs. My hope is these Nets can do the same.
what?
I love Breen when he isn't tethered to JVG and Mark Jackson. I'd put Mike and Clyde as a solid #2.
Breen is pretty good but I dislike anyone being overly reliant on catchphrases. Eagle has fun with specific calls for certain players (Jarrett Allen’s Afro etc.) but Breen just says bang 50 times a night. And Clyde repeats his rhyming stuff all the time. So basically every Knicks game sounds exactly the same. “Swishing and dishing.” “Bang!”
I think he’s gonna be gunning for a TV play by play pretty soon
"He should retire": LMAO
Kyrie is special man. He's the type of talent that will let you beat a 73 win team.
If the only criticism of the Nets is a questionable defense how does getting rid of the best PG in the league help? 


I'm sorry I don't agree with you at all. Removing Kyrie doesn't make the team better.
Isn’t fouling up 3 basically always the optimal play?
Learned from the Cavs loss
I mean DeAndre Jordan doesn't factor into intentional foul situations really anyway too much but yeah Harden, KD, Kyrie is a deadly trio of intentional foul targets.
Gotta make it close!

Part of me thought they wanted to go into OT again. At this point I feel like they purposely aim for OT.
Holy shit I’m never going to use the original wojak one now
Right click, save.
Fervently doing that "I'm drowning" motion with his arms to get the ball the fuck out of Joe's hands
Yup he definitely was signaling for someone to get down the floor after the first free throw
Kyrie is really fast, I don't think he gets the credit he deserves for that. It's practically impossible to keep Kyrie from getting open for an inbounds.

Harden is slower, slow enough that you can really make that hard, especially if he's the only real inbounds choice.
That's the historically great thing about KD. You could +1 him into literally any team running any system and he immediately fits it
Facts
No pause.
*sangre de dios*
Nothing personnel Kd
Double Bradley Beal and leave Westbrook wide open. He'll sabotage his team like he always does in the playoffs.
just drop to 6th seed, and it's all good
they also have two less games played against those said teams
Did you see the actual Lamar Odom play? I swear he blazed before every game and he kept teasing you with 18 points when you knew he could have gone for 26.
They should fix it.  Kills entertainment value.
thats how it works
Since getting harden all our games have been crazy lol
This wasn’t even the best Nets game this year lol. The Bucks game was better
According to Shaq it wouldnt count because the season would be shortened.
Rockets 95 and Dallas 2011 were tougher runs imo especially the latter. The Mavs had to go through the defending world champions lakers led by Kobe and Gasol, an up and coming young and hungry OKC with 3 future MVP's in Harden, KD and Russ and the cherry on top by facing Miami led by Lebron, Wade and Bosh who would go on to win the next 2. Plus at that time the majority of the fanbase hated the supervillains Heat so Dallas had a lot of support.
kyrie played some great defense in the second half tho and his energy was huge. i think it was about even between the two.
[removed]
Kyrie scored 16 more points. It's kinda even.
You're absolutely right on that lol. Clippers were getting the switch with Kyrie defending Kawhi and that's just not fair. It was a bucket or a foul almost every time.
True it will take time and the correct pieces.
True, but not within a few days in the middle of the season. Claxton is coming back midseason and dinwiddie is coming back next year.
It’s the rebounding, he’s only 6’5
I think if you kept the depth and trade kyrie for harden straight up, they’d have an argument for being the best possible version of this team. Kyrie is a top tier scorer, but KD and Harden could make up a chunk of the difference offensively and we’d be much closer to average defensively. Hard to say.
This is a super simplistic way of looking at it. 

First, you don't ignore the picks, because they could have been turned into other players.

And sure you can say Harden is worth all that, in a vacuum. But when you already have 2 other ball dominant players on the team, _how much better_ does Harden make that team? It does come back to "there's only 1 ball" at some point.

Think of it this way; what other players do you think BKN could have got for Allen, LeVert and 3 or 4 first rounders? Is a lineup like Kyrie, KD, Harris, OG Anunoby and Myles Turner better than the current starting 5? How much additional offence does a 3rd option bring, compared to adding the best rim protector and one of the top lockdown defenders in the league? 

I'm not even saying that's definitely a better team than the current lineup, but to say it definitely isn't is ignorant.
It's SexLand, we just live in it.
I was raging lol like who the fuck do you think you are sexton
And? You guys used that same stupid criticism last year
Okay that’s fair. I thought you were like one of the many in here acting as if this is a lock for the finals.
Obviously I want the Nets to win a chip, but if they lost to the Clippers I'd be happy with Paul George and Kenny Atkinson getting rings.
LOL get em!
Can't blame him, Knicks don't like whatever the fuck the Knicks have been the last few years either

(Jokes aside, I'm honestly high on how we've been looking this year)
>whatever the fuck the Knicks have been the last few years

Irrelevant.
With no timeout and about 0.5 seconds to take a shot full court.
Fair enough!
That's just the first half of the schedule
when
So what would your solution be instead? Idk how you’d fix that.
I think the one part of his game that he didn’t get back completely was his first step. It throws everything off for him....the passing windows he used to see are not there anymore but Kawhi took him out of the game & Harden/Ky controlled it
Also in the middle of the game. Clippers had 22 points off turnovers. Durant had a crossover he lost that led to a dunk. He got stripped twice that let do dunks. Then that bad pass that also led to a bucket. He quite literally gave away 8 points.
Not this year. His shoulders are  finally health. He has been driving to the rim and finishing A LOT more than he did last year.
It just looked like they were trying to turn this into a close game.
Same with harden at the rim tbf
Nets play defense and yall get like that?
Just because Kawhi screams on every drive doesnt mean he got fouled
not really
Nothing like Warriors this team is more like Cavs. Offensive juggernauts and run iso ball all day. Cavs were one of the weakest defensive teams to win the championship too
If they go 16-1 in the playoffs then we can have this discussion
You don’t get it because you make good life decisions
Vegas set the betting line for combined total points at 241
It's not a defense issue. It's turnovers and rebounding. Their D is actually not near as bad as it's been said
The nets shot more free throws and had 8 more turnovers. 13 possessions were from turnovers and additional free throws.
Lol no I didn’t say that. Just see a lot of your fans assuming you’re gonna be there like they forgot what just happened
Lucky to dodge them? lol we took care of business and they choked. Dodging implies we actively did something to avoid them. Choke jobs don’t fit that criteria
>  Kyrie can play make just as well he just decides to score y’all say whatever just to not give Kyrie his props since

Kyrie is a great scorer, I'm not sayign anything to dispute that.  

Stating the obvious that Harden is a significantly better facilitator than Kyrie is has nothing do with "not giving Kyrie his props" and it's rooted by just watching them.  Harden is not only a more willing passer, his court vision is also a lot better than Kyrie's when it comes to playmaking.
I don't really care who takes more shots. Offense is not their problem. They both should take a good amount of shots. You are getting caught up in the wrong things.
and they wouldn’t let kobe get chris paul 😂
Harden knows where to find Joey Buckets at already and there is definitely solid chemistry between the two.
I know you're joking but that's still DJ's bread and butter today.
It still happens just every once in a while he just in explicably missed a bunch.
WHAT A MONSTER JAM BY DEANDRE JORDAN
He literally just did.
Are you reading the same comment?
6pack for $2 in the 80s
There isnt more star power though really
I would definitely take our old starting 5 with KD over there starting 5.
In what universe do you think Nets fans dont miss Jarrett Allen? one of the popular posts on the subreddit right now is a snowman recreation of the fro
holy shit an actual clg fan in the wild, I thought you all went extinct years ago
If you actually still have faith in that dogshit org I'm sorry for u bro
Bro I’m weak
And we aren't even talking about playing
It’s not necessarily about the pace of the game. Their offence isn’t transition heavy and all of their big 3 are very good in half court situations as seen by what the do at the end of games and through their entire careers. Their defence is also definitely better when the game slows down
I mean harden only got traded like 12 days ago, that’s not that crazy
That has more to do with the kyrie hiatus when harden was signed.
The plan is we'll hopefully have more depth and actually start blowing out teams
The Big 3 will rest games all season, so they will hopefully be ready for the playoff run
They’re just so fun to watch together that it would be devastating watching one or two of them go down.
Nah. I'm not even a nets fan
Yikes
Yeah it's the same way people were crapping all over Andy Reid in the NFL, then he gets Mahomes and nukes the rest of the league. 

It's not quite MDA, Nash is the HC, but that's kind of the direction this is going. 

You need talent in pro sports. Great coaching is nice but it only takes talent a bit further than they can otherwise go. That edge means everything when it's top end talent, but it's not going to overcome that top end talent with good at best talent. 

BB and Pop both could only do so much with mediocre rosters.
yeah harden against bench dudes is just not fair.
This what his role was in okc lmfao they formed a a new one same roles and a better scoring westbrook lol
There was one play where he spent 10 seconds of the shot clock yelling at DeAndre Jordan and then they ran side PnR and DJ immediately had a wide open dunk on a lob
Harden has become Deandre Jordan's best friend. If he can make Jordan effective with those lobs it really changes the energy of that second unit. Jordan on Zubac was also a pretty good matchup.
He also had 10 points and a couple assists in the 4th
not a lie in sight
> Although I gotta say the nets played much better def tonight.

kinda nuts that this is true yet they still gave up 120 lmao
Completely agree. You're not going to outshoot them, and odds are your team doesn't have 3 elite perimeter defenders that can handle KD, Kyrie, and Harden in iso situations. That being the case, your best bet is to abuse them down low, and trust that you can equal out their offensive personnel by getting more efficient shots.
Coaches are smarter than us...

The reason you cant just spam big men against them is because you’ll get CRUSHED on switches every single time
You could 100% tell he was not digging it when he switched onto Irving on the left-wing only for Kyrie to pass it to KD at the top of the key with Batum on him. BBQ chicken
Sore knee apparantly
Bev would be on Kyrie, not Harden
I meant on Kyrie. He’d definitely do a better job than Reggie Jackson (no hate to Reg tho he’s been playing well)
Harden has to be a top 5 playmaker of all time in my opinion. In terms of iso scorers, there’s not really many people in nba history who can match his volume and efficiency, and on top of that he’s been a 10+ assist guy for years. Not sure if anyone has had the combo of scoring and passing that he’s had.
We aren't, we don't have peak chemistry despite how our offense looks though I think that will improve drastically over the year and our defense is still shaky. Lakers have more experience and have a matchup advantage, Clippers match up defensively good against us also. This can change over the year but I think we are in a tight 3rd place for favourites.
isn’t this the first good team they’ve beaten with their new squad? if they beat us saturday my opinion will change, but they don’t have anything to stop embiid. need to see how they handle an elite big man

edit - forgot they beat the bucks right after the trade
If Shamet gets it together and TLC plays the way he’s shown flashes of - this team is gonna be absolutely ridiculous
Man joe is soo fucking good.
Joe Harris is the glue guy on this team, just don't let him inbound the ball in crunch time. lmao
The thing is you just need one of these guys to get cooking and that offense is pretty unstoppable. All 3 of these guys are prone to going off.
Well given that the Cavs are 2-0 against them, I feel like there are indeed some teams that can beat them.
They were cooking tonight and still only just won. They're definitely very beatable in a series, especially anyone with a competent center. That simply isn't the Clippers.

Maybe I'll be wrong, but either way I'm excited to see them play the Sixers and Nuggets. They simply have nobody that can guard Embiid or Jokic.
Lebron can do it
ahem. #1 rated defense over here.
Those kd 8 foot baseline double teamed jumpers is basically a layup. I’ve seen him do that a million times in his career and he never seems to miss.
joe harris is money from deep.
He's the league's best free throw shooter alongside Steph and Dame rn.
And the loss was a double-overtime game where all 3 of them played 50+ minutes and Kyrie hadn't played in 2 weeks.
very small sample size to get conclusions from still
oh wow, a 6-1 record nvm best team ever u right give them the chip already
All he said is that they’re not unstoppable. The clippers could have won this game. If it was a blow out loss then it would make sense to say that they’re unstoppable.
Bro?
That’s definitely fair and understandable. I love both of them and find those things endearing but I can see how they would be annoying to fans of other teams. I know my girlfriend HATES listening to Clyde while I smile every time he makes a stupid rhyme
My dude they’re not questionable on defence, they’re historically awful. Take Kyrie out which would obviously make the team less top-heavy, but bring in another serviceable PG and a good selection of defenders including one really good center. Basically, Durant and Harden are good enough on their own to already lead one of the best offences of all time, Kyrie just makes it plain unfair. But when the defence is so shit, it’s suddenly fair game. Historically good offence + good defence >> best offence of all time + historically shit defence basically. This is a pretty stale take at this point so I don’t get why I have to defend it
yeah but a lot of coaches don't do it. nash might be a guy who always will, but having those three makes it a no-brainer.
Jeff Green is an 80%+ FT shooter as well.
I'd say Kyrie has the twitchiest body of the elite players in the league.
Being able to get a bucket whenever on whomever is like the most seamless quality a player could have
7 seconds or less, you gotta live in the moment
That might be why we're playing down to the competition.
That’s how math works yeah
I love Lamar. One of my faves
yeah bro every good game is the game of the year
Shaq is just a hater
"especially the later"

What? Check out the win records of the teams the '95 Rockets faced, then look at the Rockets'
i don't know, our first round opponent was a 60 win malone/stockton utah team.
Jokic absolutely is a tier above those other names. He belongs in the first tier.
Anything related to playmaking that doesn't have Jokic in the first tier is objectively wrong.
Those assists are worth 24-30 more points
They should have kept spamming it in the 3rd when Kyrie got into that rhythm. Could have helped throw him off a bit. Instead they opted for inefficient PG offense. I guess you gotta let him try and get himself back into the game offensively if you want to win. Oh well
Like Morey pulled one or 2 rotation players out of ass midseason each year for the rockets. G league, FA, or buy-outs.  The combo of the scouting, dantonjs system, and hardens ridiculous gravity and playmaking made otherwise flawed players viable contributors
He had the most rebounds
> I think if you kept the depth and trade kyrie for harden straight up, they’d have an argument for being the best possible version of this team.

Easily. This team would have been much better defensively with all the offensive power they needed
Well, he’s Sexton
No, I was referencing RDCWorld lol
Nah, he was 35 last year. 

But for real though, eventually Bron will age. That's why I try to watch him play as much as I can, I want to enjoy it while it lasts.
No absolutely not I’d be the last one to think that as a clippers fan
It was 3 seconds. Crazier shit has happened.
google
The NBA needs an equivalent to the victory formation in the NFL. 

Imagine if you could just take 24 seconds off the clock and force the other team to inbound. 

It would also speed up blowouts, there would be a margin that you could hit and a certain time where you could start then just giving up possessions.
Its a hard problem to solve, for sure.

Id start with teams up 3 not being allowed to force 2 FTs and a possession change if the second goes in by fouling a non-shooter
constantly hacking isnt playing defense bud
yeah it's the hacking of the arms that does it
like the 2017 cavs moreso. the 2016 cavs were 11th ranked defensively and lebron turned it up hard inthe postseason defensively.
Debatable lol but I don’t know anything about gambling that’s true
The Nets shooting more free throws when they have notorious foul baiter harden doesn’t say much, I also know why they had more fgs that doesn’t  change that those teams and plays listed have better athletic players to take advantage of turnovers where as the clippers are a slower paced team. Y’all can try and rationalize it all you want but the Nets played great defense(by their standards) and shot 57% while scoring 124 and still the game was a close shootout.
New season, same expectations. Sorry, I'll go back to the basement where I belong, King.
I agree that's its their fault for choking, but you guys still got lucky to not face them. They would've matched up with the Lakers way better than the Nuggets did
Well the plus side is that literally any human being on the planet can basically just hit open layups against them.
[deleted]
Mostly referring to the way DJ posterized fools during his lob city heydays
That's because you drafted the superstars and could build around them while their contracts were unfairly good for the team. Doubt anyone makes a team like that, I feel very privileged to be alive and watching the NBA during that time.
And the Warriors Steve is a better coach
klay is lame as hell. good player though
There are literally tens of us
I think it's 5/10 possible games
I mean nobody wants injuries
Harden against anyone except like 10 players in the world would be the equivalent of a first round knockout.
Kyrie in this one was like the anti Westbrook

It felt like he barely had the ball because he every time he touched it he would just score within seconds
This is his role in OKC on NZT
Between his elite post defense (against a team that likes to post up a lot) and his ability to take over stretches at will, I think he was the best player for the Nets. Then again, KD dropped 28 on 13 shots while being their most important defender. Headlines will feature Kyrie, but he was getting burned on defense, and wasn't directly creating for others.
120 to the Clippers is way more palatable than 149 to the Wizards.
Their pace is insane. Points per possession is more relevant
At the same time, you don’t want a big on any of them (unless it’s a top tier mobile big like AD or BAM). And that leaves only two players for them the guard without getting cooked.
I doubt any other team has more than 2 truly elite perimeter defenders. Celtics have a case with Tatum supporting Smart and Brown, but how many others are even that good?
Edit: A word
I think this is it harden on a big is his bread and butter. 

Maybe in a series you do it when you know it’s a loss just to bruise them up and really tire them out for the next game. 

Like your goal even in a loss is going to have to be to keep trying so that at least the big three have to play a lot of minutes
They beat the Bucks who have an elite big man in Giannis though?
lol Shamet. I've watched him since he was on the Sixers, and I always keep thinking the guy is going to be good, but I'm losing any hope on that. 

I think he needs to see a sports psychologist. He is melting down as badly as Rick Ankiel did, but at least that guy had a ton of pressure put on him so it was understandable, Shamet just kind of sucks.
We went 4-0 against the Heatles in 2013... they beat us in 5. Regular season matchups like that aren’t nearly as important.
If the cavs face them in the playoffs its 5 games at most lol. Don't get rope-a-doped by meaningless regular season games, which is all these are.
We said this about the Heat in 2010/2011. We had Chris Bosh crying in the showers. 


Never stood a chance in the playoffs
Colin Sexton is our kryptonite.
Don’t forget they haven’t played more than five games yet... it’s a long season and they have time to get their shit together... plus they’re 6-0 against top 10 teams
What a ridiculous take. 

You don't actually think this Cavs team has any chance of taking out a Kevin Durant-led superstar team, do you?
LeBron fan here.

Don't be disingenuous to assuage your fear. Cavs beat em very early on and while they were short handed.

It's going to be a Lakers Nets final. No amount of head in the sand ingenuity will prevent that.

That said, Lakers in 6.
Four times bro? It’s probably going to be close games too and I’m not sure there’s been a better big three for end of game scenarios in the history of the league
Yeah sure you’re guarding KD Kyrie and Harden for four games lol
It's insane. I really wonder how things would have gone if he didn't go to GSW. Does GSW ever manage to beat LeBron again? Does Kyrie even leave the Cavs? Maybe LBJ gets AD traded to the Cavs instead, and is crowned the GOAT because he has so many chips. 

KD changed the course of NBA history, I really believe that.
He's going to have the season of his life, feasting like anything and focusing on D
Cope more
Makes a claim, gets information to deny that claim, starts whining
Yes
Hope you guys enjoy Stafford!!!
To each their own. There's always going to be people who can't enjoy what you do. I've got the same problem watching Rangers games on MSG. Sam Rosen is way too much with the catchphrases. Luckily, toxic family issues turned me into a Devils fan just in time for their dynasty. Steve Cangialosi doesn't really have well defined catchphrases.
U just on beef. Why harden over ky? As a second option ky, plays the best basketball. AND IF IM NOT WRONG, ACTUALLY SHOWS UP IN THE PLAY OFFS. Yes he did have the terrible year at Boston. I'd rather ky than harden.
It can also be dangerous if the other team attempts a 3 immediately. 

I remember CP3 once recognized the other team was going to intentionally foul since they were up 3, so CP3 went directly into a shooting motion at half court just so he could argue that he should get 3 FTs off the intentional foul instead of just 2. It was a really smart move but I think the refs said the foul happened before the shot.
\+ great size

\+ good athleticism & court vision

\+ extremely underrated defense
It's at least 3 times as useful as any other basketball skill.
He was so talented but he couldn't be bothered lol.
i mean its not surprising. a player’s entire career and playing ability is completely defined by the most recent game they played, *especially* if they didn’t play that well, then it’s *really* 100% true
He's so salty I don't believe he believes everything he says. I think he's tryna be Skip A. Smith
You guys had to go through absolute monster teams but you guys were also the defending champs.
i mean some assists are just from you having the ball more. A pindown pass to durant counts as an assist and harden had a few of those. He had some great passes dont get me wrong but not all the assists lead to points that couldn't be easily replciated.
Yeah but the Nets are out there giving up ORebs to Lou Williams

Defensive rebounding one of the reasons they can't stop anyone
Eh I don’t think you can say easily. Without kyrie they would be a top tier offense and mediocre to decent defense. Without the depth and with kyrie they are a terrible defense, but also a potentially historic offense. Hard to measure which is better.
No clue what that is so my bad lol
No it wasnt... the foul was called at 1.9 seconds.

If the let the ball roll out of bounds, it wouldve gone under 1 second.

And no. Crazier shit hasnt happened
It's better than the usual matador defense. I prefer they at least hack.
The nets shot like 6-8 free throws at the end of the game. It was about even before that.
Sarcasm aside those expectations should be more managed given what happened lol guess you didn’t get that
Such a dumb excuse lol if they played against us like they did the Nuggets we would’ve won in 5 or 6. How do they match up better against us? You guys just say shit that makes no sense
And it has made for some of the most entertaining games of the season. If they ever start smacking people it's gonna get real unfun real fast lol.
Also being league owned they shouldn't be increasing their salary obligations.
Except Stern said a couple days before the trade that the GM was free to make trades on his own and then backtracked when he got emails from owners who were jealous.
If you gather us remaining CLG fans, we have the power to fill an elevator!
Yeah him and durant score so easy
This is the best case scenario for Kyrie being the head of the snake. He was hot. If he looks mortal this game looks a bit different
You could argue the Lakers have a decent case. AD isn’t an elite perimeter defender but he is great on chase downs when someone gets by him and he’s long enough to play well on KD. In the playoffs LeBron could play on Harden when the time comes and throwing AC/Schroeder/KCP on Kyrie is a pretty strong rotation so nobody gets gassed.
Yeah, but it’s just a regular season game. They also lost to the wizards and b2b to the cavs. Im not saying they’re not contenders but they lack defense and depth, especially at the rim. Just cant put them in a tier with the lakers 

also, their big 3s gonna need to average like 40mpg without the rest days theyve been getting in the yoffs. kinda wild so we’ll see what moves they make around the deadline
Because they could shift up. Are you going to score even more? Or turn on suffocating D?
true but the Heatles also didn't have a defense that was non existent
Its ridiculous to pencil either the Lakers or Nets into the finals already.  Could be Clippers-Sixers for all we know.  And its not disingenuous to think the Nets are gonna continue to struggle on defense.  If defense truly wins championships, they won’t win.
More like they're guarding us. We go 11 deep. What rating of defense do you want us to have right now lol? Pick an integer.
With what? Success?
Lakers may have the advantage
TBH I don’t think the info added much. I’ll have to go look up the scores in each of those games and see what the margin of victory was.
They pretty much never give the FTs. They'll sometimes not even call the foul, and then you just have a horrible brick most of the time. And especially if you rush the shot early like that, it can really backfire on you. It really isn't as easy as just trying to chuck it when you think you're going to get fouled.
Nah he tried to do that against Westbrook in a playoff game and it ended up costing them the game.
oh i got whoosh'd
Doesn’t change that harden still had the better game. Irving scored better, harden did everything else much better
true
Hahahaha idk man, I like this Nets team in daddy mode. You just sit back and laugh, they're so stupidly talented
If he looks mortal he simply doesn't shoot that much. He's playing along with two of the smartest players in the league.
Why we loved ky. When hot no one can stop him
The last time AD guarded KD in the playoffs, he didn't really affect his shot much. But yeah, that's about the best you can muster.
They could potentially get another 20 point scorer back in Dinwiddie before the playoffs to help shore up their lack of depth.
Actually putting effort in on D is a huge deal. The Nets usually don't even try and it's exasperating. I assume in the playoffs they will manage to have motivation at least.
Eh, I penciled LeBron into the Finals for 8 years and that turned out well. And those 4 years of GSW-Cavs was easy to predict too. 

Last year most people kind of expected LA to make it and win it too. 

In the NBA most of the time only a few teams are realistic contenders, the better team usually wins with the playoff system in place and how the sport works. Obviously you don't bet your life savings, anything can happen, but most of the time it's fairly predictable.
Ah, so you too buy into regular season narratives. Okay I'ma not bother there.

But no one said it was disingenuous to think the Nets are going to continue to struggle on defense.

I said it's disingenuous to pretend the Cavs victories mean much. Considering they just beat the Clippers. They still have some roster moves to make too.

I suppose you and the 2 ppl who upvoted are new to this LeBron thing. With a decent cast and system around him - He **will** be in the finals.

Stop buying the regular season hype. Unless cautious optimism is a preferred method to stymie anxiety over the Lakers than carry on I suppose.

Lakers Nets final. If not the Nets than the Sixers.
You can beat them 4 out of 7 times but that sure as hell ain't gonna be you suffocating them all 4 of those times. One or two will be highscoring thrillers in which the Lakers hold their nerve.
it happened in the playoffs that actually cost them, he tried to draw a foul from 3 and it was a turnover
kyrie scored a lot more.
Based on your flair I know you haven't forgotten that series against Milwaukee. Like anyone else, he's capable of underperforming, and he's had some bad performances
They're not risking Dinwiddie this year.
I watch the games and form my own opinions dude.  Get a grip.
We're the #7 offense now and the #1 defense. However, in the playoffs our starters play more minutes, so the offense gets a bit better. Plus Caruso guarding Kyrie. Haaaawwww (bald eagle sound).

On the real KD is the only player that truly scares me. I said at the onset of the season he's better than AD and I got downvoted lol. I've also said he's better than LeBron too. But if LeBron keeps shooting 40% from 3 it may be even.
16 points does not make up for 12 assists bro lol
Kyrie looked worse because he was supposed to be the leader and the star. He's not, here, this is the most risk-free role ever. Unlike Boston he's simply the volume scorer here, not the ballhandler.

The rest of the Celtics all looked so bad that season. Bricking shot after shot. Isoing when not needed.
RIP KCP
Regardless of his role, Kyrie has had his share of underperformces, and most importantly, more peformances where he played to his averages instead of out performing them. And when he has, it's lead to returns that aren't as friendly as we saw the other night. I don't think him taking less shots means the Nets won't still have an elite and even all time great offense. I mean that I don't think their offense goes supernova, and their defense probably doesn't look as good since Harden and Durant have to pick up more offensive responsibilities. Against the balanced rosters of the two LA teams, I don't have them as favorites overall.
He's guarding harris, right?
> I don't think their offense goes supernova

I'm prepared to bet 10 Firebolts with you on this.
He'll most definitely be guarding one of these 3 for sure.
81 FTS 
3 Technicals 
1 Flagrant 2 

What a fucking shit show
Mason Plumlee what were you doing with those free throws
I'm just glad it's over. What a clusterfuck.
Pistons are the Super Nets bogey team
James harden is really fricken good at basketball
Harden with 44? In other news sky is blue
Nicolas Claxton, this kid is so fucking good
CORY JOSEPH LMFAO
MVP
Blake really pulled a DENNIS on the Pistons. 

I'm frankly surprised Harden isn't in the MVP convo.

Edit: also I can't believe CoJo really rode that 2014 championship ring into making teams think he's a closer.
Harden is pretty good huh.
blake 17 pts in 20 mins.. uh oh
Reports of Blake Griffin's demise have been greatly exaggerated as expected. Most people here tried to tell you he's washed based off his stats in Detroit this year and the last. Griffin didn't even play that well in this game, had 5 fouls, but he was still able to help the Nets, his role is much smaller, all he has to do is get a few open buckets now and then.

It doesn't take a genius to figure out Griffin was going to have horrible stats on a horrible Pistons team. If you were watching him this year, all he did was bring the ball up and pass it to Grant or whoever else, he hardly did anything on the floor. He would just be in the corner doing nothing. Most of the times he would try to score was if the play had already broke down and he had to force something. 

The Nets got an absolute steal signing Griffin. They are obviously going to make better use of his skill set (even though he's older and his body has broken down quite a bit) because they are obviously a better team.
Why the fuck did Joseph go for the pump fake? Fucking hell
IDK why we are not letting Blake inbound with Harden off he is the best passer on the team.
James Harden is good at basketball
Blake and Harden were fun but the free throws made that a pretty brutal watch. i'm ready for Kyrie and KD to come back so Harden doesn't have to do literally everything.
Come on Cory Joseph you gotta know you don't have time for that pump fake lol
This game just took years off my life for many reasons. The main one being **81** combined FT attempts
The beard second MVP? Lessssgooo
Worst officiated game I've seen in a while
You got clowns like Zach Lowe saying Harden shouldn’t even be an All-Star because of the way he left Houston and that is gonna carry over into MVP voting guaranteed 

Harden has been absolutely carrying the Nets and if the Nets finish as a top 2 I don’t see how he isn’t the MVP
Thats exactly why we got CoJo, ez tank commander
From how Harden is playing right now, Nets can probably secure the 1-2 seed and rest Kyrie + Durant until the playoffs LOL.
Cory Joseph: new team, same tank commander
There was 81 freethrows in total taken this game
James harden for MVP. It’s really that simple. GIVE THIS MAN HIS MVP
Harden is the clear MVP.
I'm ok with Blake dunking but the starting fights with saddiq and stew is so lame
CoJo the tank commander. The dude always manages to fuck up every time. It’s incredible.
What in the hell was that Cory
Blake Griffin trick y'all man,like he can't dunk.
I didn't watch the game, but that's a lot of free throws, right?
Legendary win. I felt like I watched history tonight.
wtf is with these late game fuck ups on inbounds...
Blake Griffen need to hit the squats or something
Blake shaking hands after the game, maybe they dont hate each other!
LOL Cory I mean come on
Y'all tried to give that shit away lol
Bruh Cory Joseph with the clutch tank pump fake
Harden’s supporting cast has on somehow ended up being worse than what he had on the Rockets this season yet he’s 2nd in the East. MVP
Blake Griffin revenge game 👀
God the Pistons are annoying. Go away damn
TAKE THAT PISTONS
Thanks CoJo


And Fucking Dirty Flopper Blake Griffin
quality loss.
Why the fuck are you pumpfaking in the paint with under one second left??? Tank commander Joseph. lol
With the game on the line, Dwane Casey really put the ball in... Cory Joseph's hands. Wow
Pistons always making it hell for Brooklyn lol. Gg Nets. 

Quality loss. Our tank continues.
Blake Griffin 17 pts 20 mins. 👀
I was hoping the Pistons would go for the win, but I guess they would have had the advantage in OT with no Harden.
Weaver and Casey knew what they were doing with tank commander Bory Broseph

The tank continues
Hold up our 10 day contract dropped 14 in 10minutes

We should keep him

Edit: wait no that’s frank Jackson but still how’s this man kinda nice but also the most confusing looking person I’ve ever seen
there's something very entertaining at seeing Harden lovers get mad at Harden haters
Outside of the last 3 seconds, Corey Joseph was fine. But Pistons want to lose so it's all good. The Pistons have a lot of good defenders on this team now, I'm excited to see more of these types of games from them this season, get your Bad Boys flags out since to me it seems like that team at least culturaly wise seems to be heading in that direction. They don't have the talent yet, but that's why they tanking this year, I'm excited man Detroit is on the right path and Weaver seems to know what he's doing and Casey has been excellent, the players love playing for the guy seems like everyone has bought in the game plan and the culture and they fighting really hard every game, it's awesome to see, and I urge you all to take a look at some Pistons games when you can, This team is developing really fast and seems to be on the right track to be competitive again, don't let that win record fool you, they are a lil bit of starpower away from being pretty darn good.
Nets really need to sort out their inbounding plays thought this was going to be wizards game all over again
Blake Griffin is still a bitch confirmed.
Says something about Blake Griffin that the entire Pistons team seemed to want to kill him the entire game.
That's what you get when the refs decide to give every little contact.
Holy fuck how long was the game?!
The pistons were playing physical as fuck and it was crazy choppy
His free throw form looks like Barkley's golf swing.
His best
Also why did Plumlee decide to dribble up the court when they had enough time to shoot for a 3 and tie the game? wtf was that
Why was he on the court is the better question
Preserving the tank
Who has a worse FT form - Plumlee or Saban Lee?
I think they've played every contender real tightly, even managed to beat a few.
only one super net was playing lol
Lmfao. My man pumpfaked with 3 seconds to go after driving to the rim. What the fuck?
Lmao I saw him take the last shot and playing clutch time and tbh I’m pretty impressed with their tanking ability. He’s probably the most tank friendly player we’ve had in a long time.
Cory
CoJo?
Best description of current blake I've read on here recently. He's closer to his real 2019 self, his all around one of the best seasons in his career too. He got a new knee after carrying the pistons to a first round exit against the bucks. No way he'd suddenly decline that fast.
Have you seen his other two games? He still looks horrible.
He had a month off to rest, don't expect healthy Blake to last very long
Nets are going to get more use out of him because now he is willing to try to get a ring with a super team. He hardly did anything because he phoned it in and sandbagged the team who is actually paying him.
Pistons fans will come to learn that he will *always* manage to fuck up in a big way late in games. It never fails.
Claxton put that big long D on him
would’ve got blocked by clax if he’d shot it
Because without Harden/Kyrie/Durant, it’s probably not worth putting in the extra elbow grease for a regular season game. Blake was pretty bad on the Pistons because they gave him too many minutes and too much responsibility. The Nets aren’t first seed yet but the Sixers are about to hit a rough patch in their schedule and I’d be surprised if they can hold on without Embiid.
Scorching hot takes like this is why I come to the post-game threads.
Its nice to see the chemistry hes built along the way though.
Wtf??
I usually respect his opinion but that’s one of the dumbest things I’ve ever heard
He probably won’t be because he’s harden which is a fuckin joke.
Lmao here come the salty nuggets fans waiting to discredit harden. Dude is the fucking mvp and I don’t give a shit
Because clowns like Zach Lowe are the ones who vote for MVP
yeah i had embiid and lebron over him but at this point harden should be the favorite. would be surprised if he even finishes top 3 tho
I mean that is going to carry over though. Narrative has a big influence on MVP voting which is obviously shitty because Harden is playing at an MVP level but the way he quit on Houston will leave a bad taste for voters.
Yea it’ll definitely carry over into MVP voting. And I don’t mind it tbh. I don’t think it’s a good idea to set the precedent that you can force your way out of a team and win MVP in the same year. I expect loads of downvotes for this, but it’s just my opinion
Harden is being disrespected in the mvp race but I honestly think jokic should still get it over him
He's carried the Nets for two games, one of which was against the second-worst team in the league. Yeah MVP alright. Christ...
Harden is averaging 39mpg though.
Funny thing is that he really wasn't even that great tonight, that's how good he is.
I’d be shocked if they didn’t get a top 2 seed. Embiid is still out and the 4th place team in the conference is the 22-21 Hornets. They would need to bench the entire team to not get a top 3 seed.
Better to test harden and get whatever seed
[deleted]
Still happy with the move. He was making Pistons basketball so hard to watch.
It was miserable
Refs were extremely whistle-happy tonight, even 5 technicals this game
Good player gets fouled
That’s just a regular Friday at the office for Jimbo Slice.
Rockets cast might have more talent but the Nets cast actually knows their roles which is the key factor here.
Lol Joe Harris alone is better fit and player than anyone on the current rockets team sans Christian Wood,and Jeff Green ain't far behind.
Harris, Green, Brown, Claxton, and Blake are all quality players
Much better than what he had. And cp3 and kyrie have the same Lower leg issues too
That's because KD, Kyrie, Shamet are all out. When they come back it's obviously many times better. It's still better than Houston of this year without them.
Revenge for what?
EVERYTIME YOU BEAT US WE BECOME MORE POWERFUL
Very chippy game.. He dapped up a few of his old team mates afterwards so I’m sure it wasn’t that bad
True! Some of the calls we re actually ridiculous
about 2 hours ad 51 minutes
>The pistons were playing physical as fuck

I NEVER THOUGHT I'D READ THIS AGAIN WE'RE BACK BOYS😤

BOUT FUCKIN TIME PISTONS BASKETBALL IS PHYSICAL BASKETBALL - ANYTHING LESS IS A PERSONAL ATTACK ON THE LEGACY OF ALL THE PLAYERS BILL LAIMBEER & RICK MAHORN YEETED IN A PISTONS UNIFORM
Bitch ass Blake Griffin flopped on the pistons back up center and he got ejected. Fuck Blake
We play everyone really tightly, it’s a tough team to beat. It lacks the talent to win many games though which is why the upcoming draft is crucial
No wonder Detroit took him. The every tanks needs its pistons of course.
But physically he is seriously diminished. It’s just that in a limited role he can still help
Dude is gonna have 1 good game every 10 and people are gonna make posts like this every time
Do we need Blake in the regular season that much? If it happens just rest him
It might... he's gonna play like 15-20 minutes 3 nights a week, never on back to backs.
He's had better games for Detroit this season though, with way more responsibility and minutes... Man's body is just worn down.

Sure the Nets will get these kind of nights from him once in a while, since we only need 15-20 minute spurts of energy and he gets to play with a top tier facilitator, but I'd imagine there's gonna be a lot of single digit scoring nights as well.
Hey, we embrace our new tank commander!
Weaver playing 4D chess out here
Harden didn't win MVP in 2019 when he averaged that 2K statline of 36/8/7 carrying an injured Rockets team to the 4th seed. (1 win away from 2nd seed).

Why should Jokic or Dame win MVP as 4th/5th seeds with a less dominant season?

Narratives has always plagued Harden and it's going to continue this year.
"but see defensive LEBRAPTOR win share rating has Jokic marginally above average defender, which means elite and seeding doesn't matter!!"
Only reason Jokic going to win 
A. Media hates Harden 
B. LeBron and Embid got hurt
The media is more upset about it than houston fans.  We're over here laughing at how hopeless we are without him.  We just gave up a 22-0 run to end the 4th and lose to the twolves.  

If you love them then set them free.  Go get your ring Harden.
Didn’t he always in Houston anyway?
Yeah he missed a ton of gimmes. He should have had 60
Yeah his stat line was obviously incredible, but it didn’t feel like he was dominating the game like he usually does in his best performances
I mean they’ve beat good teams too including us while missing 1 or 2 of the big 3
And the Nets have beaten all good teams so...he’s pretty much right?
Nets have beaten the Suns who are the 2nd seed in the West and Blazers who are the 6th seed without either one of KD or Kyrie playing
Ah okay, this is the first game harden has won for the nets
It was just a super physical game. There were several np-calls on both sides too
clax disrespect
Stealing $36 Million from the Pistons
This was a really physical game, I thought the refs let a lot go if anything.
Break out the Raiders gear.
That's not really a justification, just play small in that situation. Also Blake didn't flop he got hit in the face and the refs made the wrong decision. Get you're heated though.
That's the icing on the cake! He had to carry that team compared to being the 6th option on the nets. Yes he's declined athletically, but not to geriatric levels that was shown this and last year on the pistons.
Nuggets fans are going to give you a advanced stat crash course
They always bring out RAPTOR smh
Jokic is carrying a worse team in a much harder conference, scoring more than Harden, scoring more efficiently than Harden, shooting the 3 better than Harden, he's a better passer than Harden. He has 0 Hall of Famers to help him, compared to 3.

lol...
Definitely, everyone feeling outraged for us, when we don't need/want it lol.   


Most of us still love the guy and want him to get a ring, as we tank to a top 3 pick
He must be so tired, dude controls every single offensive possession.
Harden hasnt beat the Sixers.  Got his ass beat when he came to Philly
You cannot seriously believe this.
It was the lob that set me off tbh
KD has barely played.
Didn't we beat you guys without any of Harden, Kyrie, and Durant?? Lmfaoo don't talk any shit
Therefore his other wins don't count right?
He’s 16-5 vs 76ers lol. He also averages 28.5 points, 6.8 assists and 6.7 rebound. I’m pretty sure he can beat the 76ers
You still haven't played the Nets this season with Kyrie or KD playing
/s
#owned lol
oh okay I was worried for a second. My mistake.
DeAndre Jordan picking up right where he left off with the worst +/- on the team.

I'm so sad that his exile is over.
Durant's 25 points on 12 shots would have been impressive if Joe Harris didn't score 26 points on 12 shots.
Brooklyn Nets really just went all out on their starting line up so they can distract everyone on their real secret weapon: Their Bench.
Nets purposely got cooked by Vernon Carey so that he can take all of Biyombo's minutes now. Your welcome Charlotte
DeAndre -14 in a game against Charlotte's B-team that Brooklyn beat by 15.
KD got 25 points on 12 shots whilst still phasing himself back from injury. This man is insane.
Without Harden, we're back to the beginning of the season where we don't play D but outscore our opponents lol. GG Hornies
A whopping 37 total turnovers tn
Shoutout to Shamet and Joe Harris combining for 46 on 12/20 from 3
Happiest I felt after a loss in a while
Thanks Brooklyn!
One of Kyries lowest scoring games this season and DJ back at it again with -14 and we still got the win, big reliefs all round.
No bullshit, can Reggie Perry play center? Like, how bad would a Clax / Perry rotation be? DJ's killing me.
Carey is now our third player this year to have spent the majority of the season on the bench only to immediately outplay the under G-league caliber players he was under after entering the rotation. Carey at least has the excuse of being a rookie but Biyombo is literally the worst player in the league stats wise and we have been playing thin on bigs all season long. Mitch Kupchak apparently came into shootaround and forced Borrego to play Carey tonight or we wouldn't have even gotten this 21 point showcase. Borrego is a clown who cannot evaluate talent for shit and we need to dump him ASAP if we ever want to become a serious playoff team. Also his defense is a total mess and is easily bottom 5, even when accounting for the fact that we have very few plus defenders
For anybody watching the Nets vs Hornets game on 4/16 I hope you all see what I mean when I say that the nba is so SOFT. The final call on Rozier during the final seconds of OT is just a ridiculous call. Griffin was barley touched on his elbow by Rozier so close that it went to reply. Who wants to watch garbage basketball games like this??? Take me back to the old days as long ago as 2018!!!! When players could play rough and push and shove without a 3 point play being called. It’s embarrassing and as a 15 year fan of the game I am no longer entertained with the games.
MJ bout to buy some Senzu beans from his friend Goku. We need 90% of our roster back, fucking hell
JOEY BUCKETS
Nets fans thought they were safe lmao
if deandre had any self-respect he would set his game checks on fire

-14 in 17 minutes in a game we ended up winning by 15. Laughable
Big feelbads after y'all got a great guy for that spot only for him to have to retire. Insane bad luck.
It was such a pleasure watching LMA work, and we never got to see the full strength lineup with him. Oh well.

Hopefully we can still get the man a ring.
They can both be nice, Joe definetely took his share of contested ones tonight and they went in. Good showing all around
Now imagine that same bench with Harden leading it
Shamet has been awesome despite his awful start
How the fuck do they have the 3 stars + Joe Harris AND all those decent bench players? Fucking Houston, man.. They'd also have Lamarcus if not for the unfortunate health issue.
Thank god
not to be denied, James Borrego benched Cody Zeller so that Biz can still get minutes
the DeAndre Jordan special
Nets are not winning a championship with him getting rotation minutes.
I’m pretty sure my wife’s boyfriend could put up a better numbers.
There was a point in the game when he played the same minutes as everyone else, but had the fewest points, a few minutes later I looked again and he had the most lol.
People still think any other team has a chance against the Nets when the big 3 are all playing lol
Need Harden back so he can yell at DJ again lol
I was super impressed by Shamet tonight. Especially during that stretch in the 4th when he was playing point.
Your missing the true 3pt specialist. TLC with 2! That’s 2 more than he normally does lol
Shamet has been an absolute stud ever since he had those DNP in late January. He's shooting almost 45% from 3 over the last 2 months
If Shamet develops his playmaking, he would be a perfect backup PG.
Why?
I would be too. The hornets played super well. Y’all gonna be real scary when you get healthy again.
Vernon gonna finally take all of Biz's minutes.
You got it !
DJ is too old to care about the regular season anymore. I think he'll show up in the playoffs.
I like perry, but he is way, way too raw
Perry’s too small, can’t defend the paint.  Good rebounder though.
Lmao like I know he’s way too loyal to guys that have been around for a while, but imagine watching that game and then being like “Borrego needs to go”
this is kind of an extreme take. I'm good with him for now, we're a young team and he seems to be doing a damn good job with player development. His rotations are wack as fuck though. If we do wind up having a really great roster sometime, we'll probably outgrow Borrego and replace him like Philly did with Brett Brown.
Bro the hornets were 4th in the East before injuries came on hard af we were predicted to be awful, we have overachieved greatly how can you see that and thing let’s fire this guy makes no sense, you don’t throw rookies into the fire when you’re in a good playoff spot
What are you talking about, what OT?
And literally right back at it with getting off to the terrible start and double-digit deficit...then he checks out and all of a sudden it's a comeback.
Meanwhile I'm just staring at Carey's +14 playing 35 minutes in a game Charlotte lost by 15...
I loved the shots Joe was taking today. Contested 3’s and stepback 3’s.. Kind of out of the ordinary for him. I have a feeling Coaches told him to be more aggressive when they watched film of the Philly game.
I was just making a joke. They were both lethal tonight.
My goodness that’s nuts
Yeah, great turn around. Taking on a bit of playmaking responsibilities too
This was the Shamet they wanted to trade so they could keep Allen and bury DJ for good
our options are Him or Clax, and then Blake or green in a small ball lineup .
He might actually be our best option against Embiid and Giannis.  Unless we really want to trap and double Embiid.
Hold up
He doesn’t force shots and can score in the flow off the offence and go iso at anytime.
So nets will be 2021 NBA champions?
Seeing Shamet play well makes me happy. He got so much hate early in the season. It’s nice to see him prove why trading for him was a good idea
At this point, when TLC doesn’t make me want to bash my head against a wall I consider it a great game for him
Vernon played quality basketball, Bridges has developed into a legit nba player
A lot of young guys played real well. Miles with a career high, Vernon with a great start, just looks like there’s a bright future for them.
I’m pretty sure he tied bismacks career high tonight lmao
Zeller got is minutes took for some reason
I don’t know, could he be worse than DJ? All DeAndre does is stand there for lobs and doesn’t play defense.
He really does. We had Lamelo playing like a top 40 player, incredible shooting seasons from Hayward/Monk/Terry, very good depth off the bench with Graham/Bridges, and statistically the best clutch shooting in NBA history and still barely managed to beat .500 in the worst eastern conference of all time. The stars will never line up like this again but JB will continue making the same mistakes, unfairly punishing young players for small mistakes while showing favoritism towards "his guys". 

Now we have concrete evidence that we didn't have to force minutes into g-league players like the Martins and Biz who probably single-handedly cost us a half dozen wins. He's just totally out of his depth. This season was always going to be a building season but nothing about what JB is building screams healthy towards long-term success. Better to pull the plug now rather than it coming back to bite your ass when we are getting swept in the first round of the playoffs after a 50 win season
Just promoting this new fresh pasta. Don't mind me.

https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/mshkj7/what_is_wrong_with_the_nba/
I don't even know what to think of him. He doesn't come off as some kind of douchebag, me-first guy, he's constantly chatting up his teammates and giving advice and generally appears to be well liked. By all accounts, he took his benching very well. I figured his laziness was primarily due to his comfort knowing KD and Kyrie had his back. But after multiple DNP you would think that would serve as a reality check to him. Instead he gets back in the lineup and goes right back to being a lazy fuck. Maybe it's more to do with being old and washed than it is effort.
AFAIK he played PG in college so it was a pretty big adjustment for him to be sprinting off screens and whatnot in Philly.
Wonder if it would have worked if he was playing this great at the beginning of the season
Yeah I know those are the options lol my point still stands.
Seeing "doesn't force shots" and "go iso" in the same sentense I cried.
I think so. If LBJ and AD cannot stop them. Nobody can
He’s shooting 40% for his career from 3 now
I mean I'm not sure if I'll ever think it was a great idea, no matter how well he plays. If we were able to trade him for a first rounder like we tried to do (or if we never traded our first rounder for him in the first place) then we don't have to trade Jarrett in the Harden deal. Imagine this team with Jarrett.

Still super happy at his improvement from the beginning of the season though
Nice!
Oh nice! I didn't watch the game so I was just curious.
Miles Bridges played really well
Miles was ridiculous.
He was absolutely horrible in the last games before he got sent back to the G-League. I'm all for giving him a few minutes to see how it goes, but I don't expect him to be playable this season, especially in the playoffs, not even over DeAndre.
You don't think the development we've seen from several players on the team over the past 3 seasons is indicative of long term success? I know Borrego isn't a top 5 coach, but he was brought in to emphasize developing our young players and he's done exactly that.
My thoughts exactly. I love DJ as a person, and he seems like a great team mate/ glue guy, but surely he know he’s just not that good anymore. I don’t get why Nash doesn’t just start Claxton.. unless he feels like DJ would be upset or something?
In the sense he can score whenever he dammed wants to.
I see. I don't understand why people are downvoting. I come on Reddit to hear different perspectives
He always kills us
Nothing says development like refusing to play good young players until you have literally no other option due to injury. I guess it takes great fortitude to be as good as Monk and to watch your team piss away winnable games because the coach plays a Martin twin for 20 minutes while you get DNP'd
he's one of the most immobile bigs, if a team has a lethal shooting big or point guard, they're going off with DJ drops on every PnR action.

Also, his lack of offensive range kills spacing. It would be one thing if he could still outrun and jump over everyone for an entire game and not the first 3 possessions
Lot of attention gonna be on Harden but I keep forgetting how much KD is a fucking monster. jesus christ.
Brooklyn needs a big
5 years ago i used to be excited to watch Jeremy Lin and Brook Lopez. This is wild lmao
DeAndre Jordan’s defense is what people think James Harden’s defense is
Hardens turnovers weren't pretty but man does the KD + Harden combo look good. Nets need a decent big though.
the new jersey nets looking scary
This offense will be so fucking unguardable with Harden sliding into the facilitator role (and still dropping his casual 30). The fit with Kyrie becomes a lot cleaner if Harden plays like he did tonight

They NEED a big though. Vuc tore them up tonight, and the bigs on the other East contenders will do the same against the corpse of DJ, scrawny KD, and old/undersized Green. Bucks game will be fascinating to watch on Monday. Interested to see what if anything they do against Giannis. Tonight didn’t give me much confidence in Jordan’s ability to guard Lopez on the perimeter either.
Harden walked in and went off like it’s no big deal
All these years I thought Harden was hooking players and foul-baiting, but turns out I was just blind
Harden really pulled up off of a plane from Houston, dropped a 30 point triple dub and then added another 4 steals for good measure. But a MIA trade was held up by Tyler Herro? Stop it lol. 

Somebody's agent is probably leaking misinformation. I'm not buying that.
nets are incredible but put some respect on vooch’s name!!
KD and Harden in one team isn't fair man
Durant scores too easily it's actually scary
Glad everybody saw how legit Vooch is. Get him back in the ASG.
Half the Defense.

[TRIPLE DOUBLE THE OFFENSE.](https://imgur.com/lPGUKwa)
wait, since when did KD get 42?
I’m so triggered by all these comments about how James Harden is good, actually. Where have y’all been
glad we at least played well in what was probably a widely watched game. I don't give a fuck what our record ends up being, Vucevic better be a goddamn all star this year.

Playing against KD is infuriating lol. We hit so many big shots just for him to come right back down the court and hit one himself.

KD and Harden put up huge numbers but worth noting that the Nets defense was absolute dog shit. We've been terrible offensively since Fultz went down, it's not luck that we shot so well tonight. Both KD and Harden had to play 40 minutes to beat us, a team down 3 starters and like 7 rotation guys overall.

edit: also worth noting that the Nets announcers are absolutely delightful. Couldn't even be that mad we were losing lol.
Harden and KD are effectively unstoppable playing together. My big worry for the Nets is the loss of depth raising KD's minutes. Dude obviously looks great so far but I would hate to see him pick up an injury due to usage rate.
I suppose we don't need defense, just gotta score more.
I've been a rockets fan for so long and barely comment on Reddit, but I have to say that this game makes me feel vindicated in defending Harden over the past 8 years. He has to be the most disrespected superstar in the NBA. Playing next to KD, I'm happy that casual fans will finally recognize his greatness. Excited to see them with Kyrie too.
Harden just showed up and casually dropped at 30pt triple double like nothing

I could get used to this
Vucci was literally Larry Bird
As a Nets fan since January 12, 2021, I can happily say I shed a tear watching this.
Durant with 42pts and Harden with a 30pt triple-double. League is LeFucked.

The two of them contributed to 60% of their team's points and 80% of rebounds. The offense obviously runs through them, but they're both so proficient at creating their own shots who do you double-team come crunch time?

Also, I know the spotlight's on the Nets, but the Magic played fantastic today.
This Nets offense is going to create a lot
Of mismatches for opposing defenses. Opposing offenses are going to create a lot of mismatches for this Nets Defense. There’s just not a lot
Of teams with the firepower to keep up with the Nets offense
Nephews that never watched Harden in Houston exposing themselves rn
He really played like shit on purpose before the trade lol
im drunk
good: KD and Harden look good, Joe Harris is gonna be wide open most of the season

bad: 40 mins each and had to play amazing to beat the magic, and the magic had no issue getting anything they wanted really
man the durant harden combination seems so natural and formidable

they played excellent, both of them & the entire team

good effort from the magic, too

i wonder how kyrie will fit into this playstyle
Terrific game from KD and Harden but the roster needs a lot of work to fix the glaring issues and for it to be a championship one.
Who needs kyrie?
I Stan bill Kennedy
harden had 32 points and 12 rebounds you should fix that btw
I'm here to overreact.  Are the KD/Harden Nets the best team in history?
And ppl were complaining about teams trading too much for harden. 1 game changed their minds lol smh
Honestly I am kind of hoping the Nets do win it all just to spite all the annoying boomers making comments like "GOOD LUCK WITH THOSE 3 THEYLL NEVER WIN ANYTHING"
Take care of my guy Brooklyn, good luck
Harden and KD killed us, but at least it didn’t end up as lopsided as I thought
They’re what I expected. Fantastic offense ... will be murdered defensively and on the glass
Harden and KD both feasting

r/NBA shook
DeAndre Jordan is washed
Nets in 4
Remember Guys. Maxey>>>Harden
The entire Nets organization heard /r/nba talkin shit
Feel bad for Morey

He watched 2 super teams form right before his eyes

KD and Harden in an MDA offense is not something you beat in a 7 game series

Need that Bucks-Nets matchup
They need to find a serviceable big man quickly! DeAndre is not going to cut it. Big Men are going to feast against this team. Also they need to use the remaining roster spots focusing on defense and rebounding. This team is going to be fun to watch.
Brooklyn is going to be a fun team to watch
Not to overreact but I think this looks better without Kyrie.

Totally not overreacting.
Shoutout Bill Kennedy!
Just casually dropping a trip dub in his new team debut.
Awesome game from Nik, I don't think people quite realize what Orlando has in this guy.

&#x200B;

\#FreeVooch
This is what happens when you can’t double team Durant or harden. One gets 42 and the other gets a 30 point triple double
Why did people even entertain the thought that adding another superstar to a team would be a bad thing?
Trade Kyrie for a bunch of depth and the Nets are a better team. Harden + KD is more than enough offense.
My name for brooklyn's big 3: 

Ghidorah

 He's a 3 headed dragon kaiju and he's a king.

Edit: Also this team was almost the Swamp Dragons so it fits even better
As expected the Nets won but as expected they let the other team score at will.
the nephews: harden is a ball hog star can play with him 

KD: please allow me to reintroduce myself my name is
Thanks god the Nets have DA.Jordan otherwise the team would be very very very very scary

KD is a monster
First player with a 30 point triple double in their debut. 

Merry Christmas Nets fans!
I hope the Nets go win a couple of championships, then everyone is happy and the stars peace out. Durant goes to DC to play for hometown. Harden comes back to Houston to try and win us one. Kyrie gets a nice yacht and sails the flat seas.
It's fuckin lit
I only caught part of the 4th (was watching football), but KD and Harden look like they have fantastic chemistry already.  I am curious how this is going to work with Kyrie cuz Harden as the PG is such a perfect fit for this team offensively
Harden had 32/12/14
James Harden and Kevin Durant are good at basketball. That is all.
Go New Jersey Nets!
This is why when superstars the level of guys like James Harden get traded, the team that gets the superstar always wins.
Hardens vision is elite as advertised. 14AST, this man can fucking pass.
Is it just me or does the game just seem ridiculously simple for KD? He’s always been a great basketball mind but this season it feels like he’s on another level
“Nets might not even make it out the East”,  hahahahaha
Y’all keep thinking Harden can’t share the ball
Just 3 weeks ago, ppl were overreacting to the Magic's 4-0 start. They have lost 5 in a row and now under .500
We are never gonna lose again
Did I just see a Harden post up?
The headline here is the 115 points allowed to a team that hadn't topped 100 once in their previous eight games.
[me watching this game](https://img2.looper.com/img/gallery/why-children-of-men-is-the-best-sci-fi-movie-of-all-time/it-quickly-paints-a-picture-of-a-world-in-crisis-1605886742.jpg)
Who needs Kyrie
wait the fat man can pass the ball? 
/s
#FearTheBeard
All things considered, I expected it to be a lot worse.
KD and Harden PNR can be the most unguardable play in the league if they want to.
Josh Boone walked so James Harden could run
Who guards embid? Lol
I think the Nets only shortcoming, other than defense, is that they need a big because Giannis, Embidd and Dwight, and Bam will give them hell, otherwise what an offensive monster this team is
It’s funny how Harden remembered how to score again. Must have been the jersey.
League fucked
Damn kd and harden with 40 minute games, a bit much maybe
As a heat fan, literally can’t believe we let Tyler Herro stop us from grabbing one of the best scorers of ALL TIME.
I’m interested to see how this teams going to flow once Kyrie gets back.
With all the attention on Hardens triple double didn't even realize KD dropped 42 wtf...
I’m happy the Warriors at least called. Harden is insane.
league is fucked
Man so much respect for harden he shrugged off all the stats and records the reporter hyping up in the post game interview, saying all he cared about was the W. The anti-westbrick. OKC traded the wrong one.
I think I could get used to this.
HERE COMES THE OVERREACTIONS
If kyrie comes back he needs to be 6th man
Harden and KD combine for 72 in their first game together since 2012... League's not fucked tho. Nope.
So, I mean... is anyone else more concerned than excited about the outcome of this game? Like... not to be a homer or anything, but the Celtics blew this Magic team out by damn near 30 yesterday without *two* of our three best players. The Nets played it close with them even *with* KD dropping 40 and Harden having a thirty-point triple double. We all knew those two guys were going to be fantastic, but that defense is looking pretty rough.
the chip is really up for grabs 🤔
This Magic team is trash. These Nets will have to evolve 5 more levels before they can contend for the championship.

They did establish KD as the number one though.
People going crazy on twitter ..............and it makes zero sense 

yeah, KD and Harden went off!!!!!!

........against the Magic 

the Magic 

a few weeks into a new season 

against the Magic 

lets calm the fuck down 

they do this against the Bucks in May? yeah ok , thats impressive
Harden and KD scored 61% of their points
Harden was amazing but KD was so smooth holy shit
Some peeps were bugging thinking this Nets squad wasn’t gonna be a pain in the ass lmao
inb4 Lakers fans show up to say Lakers in 5
Imagine adding a 3rd all-nba player to this squad
I'm just made Harden didn't have 1 more turnover to get that quadruple double lol
Bill Kennedy calling Brooklyn New Jersey #shaqtin
In a past life Kyrie already played in this game and you sheep focusing on a mirage
KD and Harden offensively is really unfair lol, then you add kyrie.. jesus
Sir CHONK got that motivation back!
Imagine a Big 3 that can all score 30+ with ease at the same game
They really let KD and harden on the same team
All I want is for KD to start playing less minutes.
When earth be flat is back, they will average 135 pts per game.
LETS FUCKING GO JAMES
Nets are obviously crazy but the Magic seriously held their own, they had an answer damn near every possession. Being tasked with going against a newly minted superteam (albeit minus Irving) by pure non-luck is a tough row to hoe.
KD still that dude
Is there a non meme answer to the fat harden vs skinny harden pics? Because wtf?
Nets love DJ so much they already made DJ a statue and play his statue every game.
obviously too early to make any real takes on Brooklyn, especially until they get Kyrie back, but the result of this game is sort of what i expected, the stars will need big games and opposing bigs will have big games against them.
In order to spite Morey, Tillman Fertita fked the East

Fuck that guy
vooch the gooch fucking killed it bro
Holy shiiiit! Seems like KD and James Harden played on the same team before.
oh snap
If the Nets can get a top quality center from the buyout/deadline they’re gonna be really set.
If Fultz was playing Game 1 Magic would have spoiled Hardens first game as a Nets player
They looked great today, but after watching I do truly have concerns about how Kyrie will fit in. He’s the one who is going have to sacrifice SO much I think for this team to succeed, and I don’t know if he’ll be able to handle being the Bosh or the Love.

If he can, I don’t know who gonna stop this team. Their biggest obstacle might be themselves.
Harden & KD damn
Man, what the fudge is going on with Deandre Jordan? Dude is on the decline. You thought losing weight would make you more efficient
Looks like they need a center like Mafuzzy Chef Ibaka or something
This Kevin Durant fella may have a future in the league
I know we play the bucks next but we could use brook lopez ............ big man , defends and can hit a 3 plus ft.
Nets play like an all star team, a whole lot of fast paced offense with no defense.

When Kyrie comes back, who is going to be the lockdown defender against the top guards/wings of the league in the starting lineup out of Kyrie, Harden, and Durant?
The good: both harden n kd showed off their elite scoring

The bad: they both played 40 minutes against the magic. That’s gonna be hard to sustain
almost a Tragic Bronson quadruple double
I’m excited for Harden. Rooting for him and the Nets to beat LA in the finals!
Nets played like it was the playoffs with a short rotation and struggled to put away a hobbled Magic team. It'll be a long hard road for them and I am thinking by playoffs they will be tired as fuck.
Jordan with the only negative plus minus on the nets
The nets when from black and gray to red white and blue. Interesting
Prime KD and Harden....

Really hope they allow fans at some point, wanna see them play us.
And uncle drew not back yet, d leagues I fcked aint we.
The Magic at times looked like they were in on the act because they played so poorly.

Isn’t Gordon supposed to be the star on that squad?
Dude. 

I used to think the backcourt of the future was Devin Harris and CDR and LeBron would join.....

Wow. We're really here...
It's really bittersweet seeing KD & Harden together bro, cant even lie that theres a hole in my heart.
Vucevic isn't just one of the most underrated centers, he's one of the most underrated PLAYERS in the league. Dude is a flamethrower.
The nets are playing the bucks next aren't they? that game will reveal more about the nets.
Man Vuc is really having an amazing season and nobody talks about it
Everybody talking about Harden while Vucevic singlehandedly holding orlando together.
Free vucevic from the magic
If nets get a better center they will win the chip tbh. KD has been better than Bron so far this season and Lakers have no one to match Harden or Kyrie. AD will destroy if they meet in finals but it won’t be enough to overcome Harden and KD
Wow that final minute dragged like hell
Middleton the number one option clearly. Webber doesn’t know what he’s talking about. Giannis points off rebounds and open dunks/ wiiiide open practice jumpers. Joke to give a guy who can’t score MvP
[Harden, Irving and Durant will Run the EAST](https://youtu.be/u-QYdky2WZM?t=1412)
Close win but they looked great. Lots of comments already crying about how many minutes KD and Harden played lol. They must be scared if they can only talk about that.
This team better dethrone king James
Playing both Harden and Durant 40 minutes to eek out a win against the Magic, after Nash said he would be cautious with Harden's minutes.
Get Vucevic to a good team please.
This team will only go as far as the big man rotation will be.

DeAndre Jordan will be the reason the Nets can't get to the finals.
Not impressed by needing KD and Harden to play the entire game against the Magic minus half their lineup. 

I realize that the Nets had literally no time to integrate anything with Harden and it was just KD + Harden carrying to a win, but let's see how they round out their roster and what happens with Kyrie. 

But two MVP caliber players playing at an MVP level shouldn't be surprising to anyone.
Earth B Flat just gon' fuck up this great chemistry Harden and Durant have...
Nets gotta trade Kyrie for Vucevic
It took 1 game for Harden to become the best player on the Nets. I'm fucking scared.
Kyire literally gonna sit out until the playoffs and coast to the Finals

This team is straight dum. NBA is so stupid now lmao
Harden hitting the clubs tonight to celebrate.
Kudos to Harden and KD for their strong performance in this game.

With that said, still kinda worries me how it will work when Kyrie is back.

1. The volume of shots taken by KD and Harden is worrying given that Kyrie is not even playing yet. The rest of the team (role players) must realize this early on which is not always a given for any superteams.

2. As usual, bulk of Harden's points came from free throws which is his main strength. Two problems, this will again back fire in the playoffs when he no longer gets the calls he usually gets and the other is that his style of getting this foul calls means he should be the one finishing the possessions which means more iso ball needed.

3. Despite their performance, they barely fended off the Magic. Defense is the issue.

4. Related to point number 1, I hope they finish the season injury free because it definitely is not looking good for the Nets if that is not the case. I think they played too much minutes in this game.

The real test will come when Kyrie is back and my mind will only change if I see them overcome these points on a consistent manner. I ignored their polarizing personalities to focus more on what they do with the ball, but many can argue that it can also be a factor for their success as a team.

If I am going to be honest, the Nets is scarier if they replace Kyrie with a defensive big man and other role players.
Woof. Single point win vs a bad team and you have Durant and Harden.
[deleted]
James Harden even came close to the quadruple-double with his 9 turnovers.
Wow, Durant and Harden played 40 minutes and the Nets just about beat the… Magic? Terrifying. Why not just hand them the trophy right now??
[deleted]
Brooklyn barely beat the worst team by net rating in the Eastern conference, which was missing two of its better players and it needed to play KD and Harden 40 minutes each. I’m a Nets fan and I was thoroughly underwhelmed by this one.  Losing Allen and having to play DJ major minutes was just as big a loss as the upgrade from LeVert to Harden.
Must see TV ladies and gentleman
I wanna throw up
Kyrie to the Lakers! Idc just make it work
Lmfao Vuc gave em work. Better find a solution cause Philly/Mke is busting that shit open. Miami would have these boys in knots too
they almost lost to the magic when durant and harden dropped 70 points, they also had to play 40 minutes   


i wonder how sustainable that is lol
Is Kyrie going to play with this team at all?
What would Kyrie fetch in a trade?
Soooooo, I know DJ is friends with KD and Mr. No Show, but at the end of the day, wouldn't hey rather win games than watch him do bad basketball things on the court?
We need Kyrie to come back asap to torpedo this locker room! Save us Kyrie! You're our only hope!
is trading kyrie for a good big out of the question? I feel like he’s just a liability at this point.
Go Harden ~~the paint~~

Go Harden the buffet
I'm really concerned about the Nets. It's one game so small sample size but Harden wasn't moving off ball and Vuc just killed them. I don't see who on this team guards AD, Giannis or Embiid.
Trade kyrie and DJ
Trade Kyrie for Westbrook
Is there a need for kyrie? Just trade for a big man to protect the rim
You mean to tell me the nets went and got James harden whilst keeping KD and kyrie still doesn’t turn up to his damn job ?
They need to trade Kyrie, don’t need him at all
hardens regular 6-7 turnovers in the playoffs is going to kill them
Great offense, terrible defense. This team doesn't really scare me. They're in a tier below to the Bucks and Lakers.
Not gonna lie, James Harden's assist numbers surprised me. My man's dropping dimes.
They beat the weak ass Magic by 7 am I wrong not to be impressed?
Nets would be good if the starting 5 could play 40+ straight. Aside from the superstars their next big players are Joe Harris and Spencer... like comon lmao.
Nets still ain't making the playoffs
If the Heat get fully healthy, they’re gonna rip that defense apart. You don’t get to play the magic going 14/50 from 3 every game, some teams will actually hit open 3’s and then suddenly it’s a different game. They gotta figure something out on D because it’s not pretty right now.
Harden is a doughnut dribbling a basketball. 

I wouldn’t even put it past this Nets team to beat the Raptors. Everyone favouring them need to get their head checked.
Yeah lol like Harden did good but KD just dropped 42 on 5 FTAs coming back from a torn Achilles... wtf.
Love watching him play man
Is aw so many comments before the season on how he isn't going to be a top 5-10 player anymore. I already knew he had too many different moves that don't require extreme athleticism and would be fine if he didn't have that anymore but it looks like he still does.
i'd trade kyrie for one, honestly (after a while when he returns and gets his value up of course)

harden/kd are so insane offensively, dont think kyrie's adding that much honestly when he's not gonna play valuable defense.

and they really need a big
Damn this is a perfect Al Horford trade when we used to have him LMAO.
imagine them snagging Javale McGee, would be a great fit for them
I think Claxton might be back soon, he's been really good when he's played.
I hear Cleveland has an exciting young center named Jarrett Allen!
still very sad how Jlin stint with us went down. he just kept getting career defining injuries
Don’t knock Brook Lin
But Brook was pretty good for you guys, right?
That's quite a fun thought
My favorite take is that the Nets will never be able to rebuild after giving up all those picks. And I’m just woah... they gave up 2 late firsts and maybe some decent picks down the road. And the funny part is it’s not like they used picks to “rebuild” this time around.
7/11 did nothing wrong
For real, excitement was to see how our young guys would develop each game
That’s it? Try rooting for
Yi jianlian
I thought Justin Hamilton was a quality replacement for prime Brook
I currently love to watch Brook Lopez
Imagine your PG having to guard Vuc down the stretch cuz your centre is useless lol
he shouldn't be a starter on a tanking team
[you stole this](https://twitter.com/seeratsohi/status/1350595062283919362?s=21)
Yeah, he's pretty past it. Has been for awhile.
oklahoma should trade for him so they can tank better
DeAndres defense wasn't even all that when people thought it was all that to be brutally honest. He was overrated even in his prime.
cant switch, cant hedge, cant be bothered to step out the paint ---- the Nets will never sniff the finals when he has is their primary defender for Lopez and Embiid
And that's your only big to you sir.

 Embiid, Giannis and Bam, how do u stop them?
In gonna miss seeing Allen in the black and white
Sucks that Dinwoodie is out for the season. I'm pretty sure if he was healthy he would have been shipped out instead of Allen.
I realised this when he played for the Mavs. So frustrating to watch.
No defense and no field goal in 23 min..only Net with a negative +/-
Copying ur “thoughts” off twitter, get outta here!
DJ is a center and Harden is a Guard. So no. No one is criticizing Harden for his lack of rim protection
how much do you think it takes for em to get Valanciunas or someone around that level
Trade Kyrie for Rockets Center Russell Westbrook
Should trade Kyrie for a solid center plus some extra role players
How does Kyrie fit in there? I dont think he'll be happy with his role in the long run
Lamarcus Aldridge might be available. Not sure what asset the Nets has that the Spurs might want though
What about Allen?
You have to realize who is Nash's assistant. He traded everyone last year so he could play PJ Tucker and Jeff Green at center position. Guess who is on the Nets

Only difference is that Harden now is playing with Durant instead of Danuel fucking House jr.
Like 5 of his 9 turnovers were Jordan’s fault lol
Harden almost had the quadruple double. Shades of Michael Carter-Williams in his debut!
Ibaka is the answer
Honestly they should explore a trade involving Kyrie. Kyrie for Drummond? The return of the prodigal son heh.
– Bill Kennedy
The NBA just got a huge erection thinking about an LA/NY finals
I’m fine with this.
*After further review*
The new nets jerseys looking ugly
absolutely lethal
It's bs. Parity ruined and it was so fun to watch.
brooklyn knicks lmao
u/pm_ur_favSONG 🤷‍♂️
Harden had plenty of assists and turnovers, but from what I saw, those turnovers seemed like they were because he’s unfamiliar with his new players, not because he was making lazy passes or something. It takes time for a playmaker to get in rhythm with his teammates. This Nets team has a variety of plays and it’s only a matter of time that they gel together and cut down on turnovers.
That was crazy from vucevic though, he shot 6 of 12 from 3, how many bigs can do that
Bucks game will be a great test, since they'll be able to stick Giannis, Jrue onto KD, Harden, and also be able to score in droves on the other end (BroLo and Giannis will probably eat DJ alive)
I think Harden is more than willing to be facilitator. I know he was super ball heavy in our offense, but that was by design.

In OKC he was young, but was definitely holding back to play more pass heavy style.
Vucevic is way more than a competent big . Most East contenders don't have anyone as good as him offensively.. he did 28/11/4 on 60 TS% in last year's playoffs while shooting 41% from three. Bam or Giannis can't produce that statline, maybe not even Embiid
Not every big can shoot the 3 as well as Vucevic can.That made DeAndre unplayable as he cant defend the perimeter at all.
The Nets defense was pretty bad overall. We are not a good offensive team with all these injuries, and they didn't really pull away until the last minute. KD and Harden obviously balled out but their defense should definitely be a concern.
How much to get Valanciunas
Yes completely agree. They can score 125+ also during a series, but then u pick Joel/Giannis/Bam on fire through 7 games. They are really one piece away from putting their hand on a title, literally Dwight could save their ass but it's not available. They need rough and dirt protection, somebody could shell the trio from a bulldoze night after night
Exactly, it’s hilarious to see everyone circle jerk off ball movement
Also, if not for free throws at the end, only 3 nets had double digits scoring lmao
Vuce had 6 threes, that shit isnt common.
DeAndre Jordan for Drummond. Who says no?
Kd and harden both played both major minutes though
Is that Joakim Noah's music?!
Leagues fucked. Just pack it up and move on to the next season. It's either Lakers or Brooklyn this year.
Wait...

A top comment that isn't trying to be funny for up votes and instead just a good old basketball analysis?

I like
The nets best hope for this season is probably go all out on offence since teams know there desperate need for a big, the value will go up even more. Are there any serviceable bigs available on the market without them sacrificing anything. 

AD and Embiid will get there points regardless of who guards them. They just got to hope the gravity that Harden, Kyrie and Durant makes them unguardable offensively.
So you’re saying they should go get Ibaka
pipe dream, but trading Dinwiddie or Harris for Boucher and whatever garbage Toronto wants to unload would be the optimal swap
Harden is the BIG
how does baynes for a second round pick swap sound
They need more defenders in general. Sad thing is KD and Kyrie want DJ on the team so you can't get rid of him.
AD and Trezz will destroy them inside in a series. And if you think Kyrie will be OK with harden handling the ball and being the main facilitator , you have another thing coming . What Kyrie gonna do, just spot up or play off the ball? 😹😹. It should be fun.
Casual triple double
Get used to it my guy. Enjoy him!
To be fair a 30 point triple double for him isn't a big deal
If he's fat and out of shape what am I lol
Just like his Rockets debut. 37 the first game, then a career high 45 (at the time) the next game with a combined average of 64% FG%. The second game he shot 15-17 FTM/FTA (so did the entire Hawks roster combined).
And four steals.
I felt the same way when we got Westbrook. Had to delete years of slanderous comments on r/nba.

Now that he’s played a few games for us I wish I could put them back.
Amazing how that works
I’m gonna remove my flair and start saying “Net fans really complaining about fouls” during game threads
Lmao
This had me dying. Harden going going to go from Hitler to the pope now that he's on a different team
Now y’all know
Haha, it made me think of Steve Nash's comment about Trae.
Yeah while annoying the media and Reddit make it seem like he does it more than he actually does. Dude is one of the greatest offensive players ever regardless
>  but turns out I was ~~just blind~~ **following the circlejerk**

FTFY
Houston folk been knew
He barely does it anymore since they changed the rules but when it does happens all of a sudden it’s an indictment on his whole game and career lol. I hope he finally shuts up these talking heads this year
[Same energy](https://youtu.be/Cjsc2GMqm3Y?t=46)
You used the Beard to destroy the Beard.
Oh this is gonna be fucking gold watching another team defend this guy. Lmao
Nephews seething now
He got over 50% of the Nets FTA. I don't think you're blind. 

Not saying he isn't good, but he still flops.
LOOOOOL, and you don't think any of that has to do with bias now that he is on your team? I think what you should have learned from this is how rockets fans could defend his flopping all these years.
People are too overzealous about chemistry concerns. Winning cures everything
Philly looking stupid, too
I don't believe in herro stories. Heat culture and shit, GMs are not casual fans that believe in such stuff. If you are getting a top 7 player, you give everything you can to get him.
He was amazing
He needs some fame as a great shooter. His stroke is butter
Not sure what is it about the Nets, but he always brings extra against them. Been doing it for years.
Harden and KD did their thing but Vuc was pretty crazy.
Imagine if you add, say, westbrook
Both would command double teams... double one. It's 4 on 3 for everyone else and 3 guys to cover 4, one of them being KD or Harden. Good luck...
I swear they should just stay like this, Kyrie will ruin this team once he comes into the mix as well
49-38-88 career splits for someone his size is unbelievable
Is it easy? I mean, it looks easy. Maybe it is easy.
He was beast today. Such a finesse player.
I imagine that with Fultz being injured, Vucevic will see a jump in his stats.
I wish GoZ hadn’t ended but I guess after GoT ended what could they really do?
TRIPLE
Harden really went from MDA to Steve Nash. That ball was flying down the court
That’s KD for you. Scoring for him is so effortless you don’t even notice how many points he racks up.
In the clutch
That’s the slim reaper for ya. Easy money sniper
He has the quietest games ever. We see Klay and Curry going crazy and thinking they had great games but every time you see the box score you see Durant somehow matched their points or got more somehow. 

That is just his game lol. Enjoy it.
Lol its so funny going into the Nets sub and see everyone saying "Wow Harden is an amazing passer". Like duh we told ya'll.
It feels good. Then I remember he is not on the rockets anymore m.
For real. It's like I'm taking crazy pills.
Can’t brag about your ex GF now. Time to move on
I get disliking harden but man he was always super good. People can't separate their disliking a player and respecting how good he is
its ok I double hate watching him now
He'd have to play on all 30 teams to get the respect he deserves
There were a few moments where I thought you guys might have a shot at stealing the game and then KD would come down and drain a J in some dude’s face
yeah our defense was shit but vuc is insane on those pick and pop 3s.
Vucevic couldn't fucking miss
Vucevic absolutely ate us up. We had nothing to stop him.
Ian Eagle’s bacon puns on point tonight
> the Nets defense was absolute dog shit.

Heres to hoping that doesn't change
That stretch when the game was in the 70s was insane. Magic nor Kd could miss
Nets announcers are amazing u/pm_ur_favSONG
even with defense, you still gotta score more. so I'd say you're off to a good start
As a rockets fan it sucks to see him leave but I’m hoping he finds success and I’ll def be rooting for him in the EC.
The nets have the big 3 of the most hated superstars in the entire league.
Harden is a beast and one of the funniest players to watch. Having said that he should be the second star in a team to win.

If he stays humbled in his role and the Nets get rid of kyrie and add a defending big and a rotation point guard they will be unstoppable.
it's definitely that pregame meal
i mean he rolled out of partying and quarantining and dropped 44/17 surrounded by a g-league squad the first game of the season.
He will need to do this consistently if they want to win a chip. Very possible ofc but it will be a task.
Glad someone is acknowledging his greatness
OG flair though
Game 1 magic are super good
the harden/durant pnr was literally unstoppable.
I’d probably take the Nets coming out of the East, but the Lakers would smoke this team as structured right now, but that’s true of just about every other team
James Harden 32/12/14 triple double.
Kevin Durant with 42.
BROOKLYN STAND UP.
WE OUT HERE.
Don't like them playing 39 minutes a night.  Harden can handle it, but not sure that Kyrie can and I wouldn't want to press KD that much.

Part of the idea of 3 stars is that you can still win it all with just 2.  But with worse depth, they may also be more likely to have one of them get injured.
But this was only a 7 point home win against the Magic, who were a 0.500 team before this game. The Nets will be scary, but definitely not invincible
And they're both so good at passing out of the double and finding each other that it's not even worth it.  Like great, you forced Harden to give the ball up to KD with an open lane.  That is the worst possible move you can make.  This may be even better for KD than when he was on the Warriors.
Those magic jerseys are clean too
Double both and single Kyrie?
Once Kyrie is back and they have Harris spotted in the corner it’ll be damn near impossible to not just play it straight up and live with the results, I can’t wait lol
> Durant with 42pts and Harden with a 30pt triple-double. League is LeFucked. 

and yet they only beat the Magic by 7
Including assists, the two of them were responsible for at least 109 of the 122 nets points tonight, probably even more considering some of the assists were probably three pointers

Math is a little off, didn’t consider assists Rudy made to each other
80% rebounds what u talking about
yeah it'll need to be a combination of slowing them down and feasting on their lack of defense. Not many teams can effectively do both
Just send them this https://streamable.com/ps5ya3
Facts.

I’m shocked looking at all these posts
No doubt. 6ers fans “I would never trade Ben for hardens old ass!”. Ok, bro.
I legit thought people were memeing with all the DAE know harden can pass? posts lmao
Most definitely, look at all the posts saying how good of a passer Harden is.
So the media pretty much?
Tbf id hate any star player for Houston
That’s because Houston has been horrible to watch in the Morey/Harden era
No he didn't. He was amazing at his games with the rockets this year, winning games while playing with 4-5 G-leaguers and scoring 30+ every night plus consistently having double digits in assists.
Cups of the rosé
I'm sorry for your loss
It's just 8 o'clock mane slow it down lol
hello, are you up right now?
Just as everyone expected: Nets are an offensive dynamo, can't defend anything.
🧢

harden missed a ton of 3s and had plenty of turnovers.....didn't play amazing....and Magic sure had an issue getting a W so please refrain from saying that last sentence ever again thank u.
> man the durant harden combination seems so natural and formidable

It's largely because Harden is an amazing scorer in his own right but he can do one thing at an elite level that KD either doesn't do or can't do, and that's facilitate.

It's literally the KD + Kyrie fit with Harden just being a flat out much better version of Kyrie.
You haven't even seen kyrie. Don't be dumb
[deleted]
Call me crazy, but if they replace him with a strong defensive center and a 3&D wing they’d be even better. Kyrie can be pretty fucking good, but James Harden is on a different level
Who woulda thought... Harden w/ HOU coming off back to back WCF appearances... would team up with KD (and to a lesser extend Kyrie) in Brooklyn a couple years ago? You'd figure Harden was a lifer in HOU.
How will you trade Kyrie?

Kyrie for Miles Turner straight up?
[Serious]
They aren't even the best team either one has played for. Obviously the Warriors we better and the CP3 Harden Rockets team was better than the Nets as currently constructed.
Like have they not been watching basketball these past years? He drops 40 on everyone’s favorite team regularly. It’s like their image of him has been shaped by defensive lowlights from 2015.
I still think they traded far too much for a dude who won’t be there in two years
A Lakers - Nets finals series to 7 games. Imagine the salt, the hate, the irrationality
people say this every time a team is formed, it's so annoying

i remember the warriors fans not wanting kd because he'd mess up the team or something lol
Same
but but but Lakers fans keeps telling us "Lakers in 5"
Lmao nah
Flair revoked
[deleted]
Yeah, a 7 pt win when Harden and KD combine for 74 isnt exactly convincing. That said I didn’t get to watch the game
Offense is their defense
Nah bruh he's saving it for the playoffs
Stfu lol. You act like the Rockets would’ve wanted to trade with us. Stay ignorant you dumb fucking loser.
they beat the Magic by 7 points who were on a back to back

the Celtics bench beat these guys by 25 last night

I think the Nets are the best team in the east but it's not like this game proved anything lol
Forgot MDA is on that staff... this is gonna be legalized NBA porn on display lol.
I mean morey could have had harden if he wasn’t so stubborn
Morey can suck it.
Should they trade kyrie?
Vucevic to the Nets?
Are you saying free him to a different team?
[deleted]
nah kyrie is good he just needs to show up lmao
they should wait like 7 games to see how it works out first.
Isn’t his contract a negative asset? What are you smoking
But they’re the nets
The offense is their defense. They gonna score so much that the other team needs to play catch-up constantly
That ad for 2k13 was so hype
these guys are not 23 anymore for all of this to happen
Ideally, I'd like to see the Sonics back and have them reunite in Seattle.
Fans hate LeBron but hope their idols do what LeBron did LMAO
I hope this happens without them winning titles
We've been down two starters (Fournier & Fultz) and two decent bench players (MCW & Okeke) since about 5-2
Yet they are without half of their key players and it took KD and Harden to both play 40 minutes and KD shoot 62% for the Nets to narrowly beat them.
Yeah he  started doing that the last couple of years with us
Lol facts. The Nets need to seriously shore up some defensive woes. Getting Kyrie back would give us some extra scoring punch to maintain leads, but the defense still needs work to be a true contender. Obviously it’s expected for a defensively questionable team to get worse after losing Allen, but we need to figure out our plan for the center position ASAP, because DJ is still a solid back up big but that’s all he should be.
Prayers
Are people serious when they’re saying this or nah lol. They barely beat the Magic who are on the 2nd half of a back to back and missing half of their starting lineup and have lost like 5 straight games. Hell they lost by 30 to Boston lost night when Boston didn’t even have Tatum or Kemba. It was super fun watching KD and Harden play together but it seems like a weird game to predict dominance after.
Harden has been doing that for years in interviews
Lmao what interviews has westbrook said all he cared about was stats??
The nets beat the sixers without Kyrie and KD couple nights ago, does that mean the sixers suck?
it’s their first game, and without Kyrie
And we still kept is close. Even I expected a blowout
They hardly beat a Magic team that has half their team injured and isn't even expecting to make the playoffs lmfao

Nets really gotta step it up if they want to actually be taken serious
Nah it’s lakers in 6 now
Lakers in 5.
They’re going to have to given they’re a little suspect on defense.
those are just our throwback jerseys, not permanent
i mean y’all needed to run some wrong side of 30s into the ground to beat a magic team missing hella players
Cope and seethe
Harden just likes to ball
When it eventually happens, as long as it’s not a team in Cali I think I’ll live.
Not if kyrie has something to say about that
please don't do that to us
No
Def not the best player but it took one game to see Kyrie is not needed.
This team has terrible depth and defense. Let's wait til the playoffs because at the moment they only have like a 6 man rotation lol
Same like the Lakers almost lost to the Grizzlies without Ja Morant. No chance they get a title.
This is such a lazy take. The lakers have barely beat some bad teams, but that obviously means nothing.
Kyrie for Rudy and a bench player or 2?
Or you can look at it this way. We won while turning the ball over 20 times and Vuc shooting 6/12 from 3. Looking at the rest of his career thats an outlier shooting performance. 

If we turn it over 3 less times and Vuc misses 2 more 3's its a blowout.
Nets also missing Kyrie, and their 6th man is out for the season. Its early, they will get together and need to find another big
Sure Kyrie for AD
Kyrie for allen and mcgee
He was held out by the team for conditioning purposes.
He dropped 17 assists in his first game this season.
Aside from 3 top 15 players? Yeah of course there is a drop off. Any team top heavy like that has a drop off. The Heatles sure did
Its early in the season. And they have 3 open roster spots. It'll definitely be addressed. Even as it stands their defense isn't terrible, just not up to championship standards
I feel like the Golden State move made people forget just how good at basketball this guy is.
Recovering from a serious injury and continuing being elite is a miracle in my books. KD is a tough mofo.
Welcome to Cleveland, Kyrie 👏
If you think Kyrie won’t add anything defensively you just show that you didn’t watch a Nets game until now
kyrie for myles turner who says no
Kyrie for Gobert who says no

Other than Shaq he doesn’t count
kyrie for jokic :D
Kyrie for Vucevic !
Maybe they can do a small trade for an athletic rim defender like Javale. Harden can dish ally-oops all day but sadly Deandre doesn’t have the hops anymore to get them.
I don't know anyone would want Kyrie with what he's been doing though, not for a good big.

Such a liability.
Kyrie for Drummond!
I’ve seen a lot of shit on this sub in my life, but now somehow, finally I’ve found it.

The absolute worst take of all time.
Damn this is a perfect Al Horford trade that they might not be able to do
Can the Nets rely on only Jordan and Claxton
This might sound insensitive, but atleast he was lucky enough to get paid by the Nets before going down.
That Jlin clip of him getting injured with the nets and him realizing his season is over... Damn
He was actually really good with the nets as well before he went down
[yeah and this didn't help](https://i.imgur.com/IPtrVxz.jpg)
Of course, i’ll always love Brook but this is different
All time leading scorer. He was a great player on the Nets, just peaked on shit teams and had guys like Randy Foye and Jarret Jack trying to get him the ball.
Yeah he was awesome. Definitely a fan favorite
All-star, and incredible offensive talent that continued to improve his skillset. One year he magically became one of the Nets best 3 point shooters and now he is known as Splash Mountain.
Yes, we kept trying to tell people he was good when he played on shit teams, but so many didn’t believe the bad nets could have any good players. Fan favorite.
He's my all time favorite player. Was dragged in trade rumors for YEARS and was nothing but professional. Hope he comes back late in his career.
Harden is actually really good in the post which is useful for us when we switch
And Vuc missed every shot while being guarded by Harden.
James Harden is very good at standing still on defense, so naturally post defense would be his best defensive skill
He most definitely should
He just there because he’s KD and Kyrie’s friend
He shouldn't be in any league in the Western world
He washed.
Doesnt that mean he is a good player? If he is a starter on a tanking team then he is good at racking up the Ls
Or they are the same person

Or that dude stole it. 

Let's get to the bottom of it with comment gate 2021.
He must hold the record for most pump fakes bitten on by an All-Defense player.
Idk it'll probably be tough. My guess is someone from Cleveland cause they have like 5 centers lol
JV is not exactly what we need. We need a rim running C that doesn't have lead in their shoes. JV gets cooked regularly by shooting centers as well.
New to basketball (got into it a year ago)
People say that they need a new center but who are they going to trade? Probably nobody wants DeAndre for 10m a year and they can't trade other positions because they basically dont have any interesting players with decent trade value.
The only option to me is betting on a FA nba veteran who wants to chase a ring, but I dont know if there are any at the moment
JV is not someone they need. He’s not good enough on defense
guys while we are here, can someone ELI5 how its allowed salary cap wise for this team to exist?  Their current pay roll is +160m.. Ive never really grasped how this works?  What does the salary cap even do?
Haha that would be hilarious. As much fun as it would be to watch KD + Harden + Kyrie, I also think a Kyrie trade for depth and a center would be ideal. Obviously I doubt it'll happen because this isn't 2k and trades don't happen that easily and Kyries value is pretty low rn so.
His officiating call is literally ASMR to my ears
Any highlight video of this game should include his calls and his table smashing after he learned he said New Jersey LOL
His voice is so smooth tho. Needs to do some commercials or some shit
The eyes chico
KD and James Harden (and Vuc and Ross) were all lighting it up but Bill Kennedy was the most entertaining person on the floor tonight lol
--Marv Albert
Monkey paw curls, and it's nets/clippers
And will cum when the Knicks win the championship
Why do half the teams in the NBA have a powder blue jersey now?
They’re from 1991. I don’t like them either.
How many teams suddenly have baby blue as a color?
those new jersey's ain't it chief
Tgey bareky won
Harden keeps lobbying it to DJ lol he thought he was still clippers DJ
Green had a couple of transition layups that were absolutely dimes from Harden. Hit him in stride perfectly. Was beautiful to watch.
harden always a little turnover prone but its mostly ok because he creates so much offense.
his passes to jeff green who he played with last season were ON POINT
Probably just KAT
Quite a few lol. Big men not shooting is a thing of the past.
AD
doesnt vucevic have more 3s than harden this season so far?
Ask wizards fans from 2017 about Kelly olynyk
Mans really a nets fan and forgetting about one of the best 3 point shooting bigs out there lol foh
lmao "probably"
It's still too early for them to really be tested.  Harden ain't even unpacked in New Jersey and Kyrie is still on his vision quest.
Eh Jrues giving up atleast 100 lbs I think he’s the one that’s gonna be eaten alive down quite literally
Even in Houston he averaged 11 APG one year. The guy can do whatever is asked of him on offence.
Giannis, Embiid and Sabonis are on 3 of the other 4 east contenders. Only Boston doesn't have a great interior presence. 

Edit: Forgot about Miami so Bam as well
brook lopez and embiid are the main worries. also bam adebayo. giannis is somewhat of a big.
Bam? Giannis? Embiid? Sabonis? Vuc is good, but DJ is washed AF.
Except that those numbers were against the Bucks defense, that is to say, against no defense. He was shooting wide open jumpshots. Also, Giannis had 30.6/16/6 on that series, playing 5 minutes less than Vuc and wasn't trying that hard either. Vuc is great with skills that could be in great use on a contender instead of the Magic, but leaving out context can only produce misconceptions. He would not have such a statline against any playoff defense which does not simply let him open to shot and he would not have that statline while on a team where he is not the only guy which can consistently score.
Vuc is a god
Their main competition in the east does though. Embiid, Giannis and Sabonis will feast on this team as currently constructed. They need a pickup at the deadline
Bucks, Sixers, Pacers, Heat...
DJ and Harden can do decently against traditional bigs.  They just can't guard a big who can shoot.  DJ is scared to go out that far and Harden can't contest that height.  Fortunately shooting bigs are pretty rare.
Bam is 10x quicker than DJ both on ball and off of it. Also, a much better passer. DJ is going to be useless against 75% of playoff match ups.
Joel and Lopez can shoot the 3. Theis can too. It’s a problem but I don’t think it will matter since the Nets big 3 are going to be able to score no problem
If Vuc can do this, imagine what AD, Joel, and Joker will do
[deleted]
Cavs
30 point triple double
Almost quadruple double.
Fucked around and got a triple double
Fat and out of shape but without any talent.

... You asked.
You can imagine how much slander laker fans have had to delete about Lebron these past two years.
LMAO
Liked Westbrook a lot earlier in his career but where he jumped the shark for me was in the playoffs a few years back , when he took 35-40 shots a game and got knocked out by Utah.

Ever since then I haven't tried to defend him , he clearly hasn't improved on his bball IQ and I knew his contract would age terribly.. Wizards are stuck with it now thanks to Ted Leonsis
Wtf.
Unexpected ending.

Lmao
>I felt the same way when we got Westbrook. Had to delete years of slanderous comments on r/nba.

[r/nba users talking about Harden](https://twitter.com/957thegame/status/1349790347946127360)
A lot of rockets fans felt the same way but I knew Westbrook would never take us anywhere. Some rockets fans started saying he deserved that mvp just because he was on our team now lol
Best comment I've seen here for a while
I feel like I was the only wizards fan on here who didn’t want Westbrook then I went to our team sub and it was pretty split
[deleted]
i dont think that'd work because of your username lol
If he keeps playing like that I can def say he was saved by our lord
I still think his play style is boring as hell
I don't think being on a different team is why. If he was still on the Rockets and you guys played a brand of basketball that wasn't the most one dimensional shit we've ever seen in the league he wouldn't have been so hated.
I shan't be deceived by this antipope, i know what lies under the Beard


R/nba doesn't know a good catholic joke when it sees one, smh, heathens.
it wasn't wrong, then or now lol. 

Nets went from one of the most fun to one of the least fun teams to watch instantly with this trade. He had 30 points from 8 FGs tonight!
Which rules did they change and when did they stop?
Woosh
thats the joke dude.
He's being sarcastic
Harden and Embiid with that shooting depth would be so nuts. Word is that Houston was hesitant to dealing with Morey. Seems that was the biggest roadblock. Just happened to coincide with Brooklyn being tired of Kyrie trying to fuck over a finally healthy KD and going all in.
Haven't the Nets just pretty much sucked against centers for years?
i would not want current westbrook on this team lmao
But who would be center? Maybe Ibaka?
tbh I don't think adding WB would make this team better
3 MVP's? That would be nuts! Surely any team with that would be guaranteed a championship!
I'm imagining the sound of the rim clanking as I type this comment.
Ohhh man. Can't imagine 3 mvps on a single team. That'll be insane!
Yeah. That addition held them back. To this day, I think if Westbrook wasn't there with KD and Harden in OKC, they'd already have a ring.
Don’t do that to us, pls
I mean if I could get on the court with a bunch of sixth graders I’d fuck them up
DONE
Isn’t MDA an assistant coach to Steve Nash?
KD is a silent killer. I remember his Thunder years with Westbrook where Westbrook killed you with a chainsaw while KD killed you with poison slowly but effectively. 6 points on the first quarters with 2 midrange shots. 7 points on the second quarter with a couple of free throws there. 8 points on the third with some 3 pointers and free throws then 9 points on the fourth with a little bit of everything then bang he already has 30 points on the game. Lebron is also another player that mastered the art of scoring over 25 points silently. Players like Kobe and Curry can be more explosive because of their flashiness and go in insane run where they can score 15 to 20 points in one quarter.
Early on in his career, I remember being amazed at how easy he made scoring 30 a night look.
Even media people are acting shocked! It’s their job to know Harden is a great passer, he led the league in assists one year. 🙄 so dumb
Lmao people forgot that in WB's MVP season, it was the 2 rebounds/game that kept Harden from averaging a triple double, not the assists.
I always saw the numbers, but as a working man, I really only have time to watch my team. 

But to see the quality of passes today, and imagine what it'll be like once he's crisp.... GAW DAMN
You don’t even have to tell them lmaooo
Just saying, everyone thinks she’s hot now but when I was with her for 8 years everyone was saying she was a butterface
why do people say this about harden when nobody said it to cleveland fans about lebron or OKC fans about russ
yeah, he's a beast. We planned on having better players playing off him though lol but half of them are hurt.
he missed 6
Not sure anyone does at this point to be honest lol. not being a homer but even with our depleted ass roster he's shooting 41% from on 6 goddamn attempts per game, as a true center too! Any rim protector C is forced out of the paint and any smaller C will get eaten up in the post. The man can literally score from anywhere now, it's incredible.
you know I typically try to find a stream with the Orlando home announcers but the upside of hearing the opposing team this season is absolutely every single one of them is breaking out the bacon puns lmao. Half of them run out in the first quarter. Props to Eagle for keeping them going all game lol.
Why
Scoring more seems to be important in basketball.
That brooklyn bbq got him fired up
It was a rockets flair before that
I know the box score doesn’t show it but the way Cole played made me feel like he had 30. Vuc was a monster for real too.
> but the Lakers would smoke this team as structured right now

yeah, but if the playoffs started tomorrow, not in 4 months.
AD will literally devour them lol
I hate that this fucking Nets team is gonna make me root for the Lakers come Finals time

I despise them for it
They combined for 72 points without a single practice or a true PG.  Not clear at all LA has the firepower to keep up without a third true star. What happens when the Nets stagger bench minutes and it’s James harden against Caruso and Wes Matthews?
That’s a silly assumption. I mean they’re theoretically deeper, but I’d rather have both harden and Durant than Davis at the end of a game as shot creators. Plus if Kyrie plays then offensively at least there’s more firepower for the nets. Obviously the lakers are ahead defensively but it seems like a toss up to me.
Magic played pretty well considering they were also on a back to back
This Magic team is not .500. They have been struggling huge without Markelle. I’m pretty sure they’re 0-4 since losing him.
And top teams lose games to sub 500 teams. It was the first game they played with harden. Adjustments will be made
>But this was only a 7 point home win against the Magic, who were a 0.500 team before this game.

Good God dude it's their first game together, harden doesn't even know the plays yet and the roster is far from finished because OH YEAH Kyrie was at home watching the same game we all watched and the Nets still can make more moves like signing guys that get bought out. 

An overweight harden drops a triple double in his first game with the nets and this sub is like "hurr durr they ain't invincible tho".
How many players do you think are on the court at a time?
Perfect
These kids like to think they know everything, standard reddit practice. Lol
Most of those are either don’t watch basketball(only highlights), only believe in narratives, or got into NBA only recently.
he definitely was not playing near his standards after the first 3 games
Am I missing a meme? Man averaged like 17 points in the four games leading up to the trade
Draft pick projections in my old phone

I should review some and go home
bitches in my old phone
lmao nah im fine with harden on bkn but i was watching max holloways fight and followed up with bkn’s game

we lit tho 🤙🤙
Just add a win to both the Magic and the Nets tonight, and 2 losses for Rockets.
[deleted]
Wowza the salt is real!

My man the magic have half their team injured and they aren't even expecting to make the playoffs, this game should've been a blowout
so sensitive
Honestly I think KD himself is a better facilitator than Kyrie. Lesser passer but much better at setting up teammates.
You don't have a lot of money you can take in and the buyout market usually is only filled with bad to serviceable players. And you need a defensive anchor bad.
Lots of space, zero money and no good options

This year is pretty much a wash for the Nets, next year is when they really have a chance
Nah you’re right. Kyrie is a great player but with Harden there now, he just seems out of place IMO. It feels like he’s just going to take shots away from Harden and KD. Trading him for a 3&D wing and defensive big seems to be the smart move.

Of course, we havent seen him play with KD and Harden yet, so I could be totally wrong.
Kyrie to the Cavs for Jarrett Allen who says no????
Who the fuck wants Kyrie, dude is on a spiritual vacation right now
But who would want kyrie though
Bro if you somehow slid DORT in at the 2 and let Harden run PG this team would be chaos. Not that I would ever let anyone touch that man.
What's crazy about that?
Definitely. Kyrie to the Spurs for Aldridge+Murray, who says no?
Na, I knew Fertitta would ruin the team.
Awful idea
This nets team hasn't even played together with their full roster and you're already saying they're worst than the rockets with cp3? I wouldn't say they're better than the GSW team but c'mon. At least give them a few games to judge their play.
For real, like every fan in the world will have one player they hate in that series.
Ask me two years ago and I’d have three... all of who are on my team
Like if you dont personally like them fine, but I cant stand the irrational emotional hatred to the point that you deny the 3 of them together is a championship level roster. Like you're so blinded by rage as a result of 3 dudes you've never even met that you deny reality.
The Lakers can beat them and they do have a point that right now AD is gunna feast in that series...but so is one of KD Harden or Kyrie on any given night.
You'll be facing them first.

Lol
lmao, I'm talking about the teams that are favorites to win it, which basically this year is Lakers Clippers and Nets
Nah I like Lebron plus I just won't count the Minneapolis ones.
explains the lack of Mike Dan Tony's playoff success
Who knows, maybe if the sixers came with a better offer than y’all would have Harden. Secondly why you so upset about a joke. Should learn from Ben and be more passive
I read these comments before checking the score and thought it must have been a blowout.
Facts
I don't think they will, but honesty it would be best because Harden can be the point guard for the team
Rather have him than Kyrie.
At this point.

Yes.
yes, absolutely. what is kyrie gonna add? you have the two best scorers in the nba on your team, you don't need a ball dominant pg who loves to iso and take shots away from his teammates. harden can ball handle and is unselfish, he fills the role way better
That works against the Magic when their missing like half their team

That doesn't work against any decent team
Problem is that KD was guarding the other team's center. That won't cut it.
I am on board with Seattle getting the OKC trio to restart their franchise.
I got no LeBron hate. And I mean Cleveland was not putting together decent rosters for him. Our teams the past few years have been very good and Morey did a great job of going all out against the Warriors.

The Westbrook/Fertitta movement kind of turned around the organization and I think Harden is loyal but he was loyal to Dantoni and Morey, not to just the Rockets as an entity.
Yeah this Harden narrative is media created. Being on a bigger stage people will see how low key he is. Houston sports just get shit on or ignored nationally.
Yes
Nah, listen, I get that it's one game, I just feel like people are treating it like a massive win for the Nets when it's really not.
Yeah, listen, I'm not gonna draw too much from this, it's just... it'd be one thing if Harden seemed like he needed time to adjust, but he and KD were both *amazing* this game, and they shouldn't really need Kyrie against a team like this.
It’s reg season and their first game together, this game means nothing
You would know about missing players.
[deleted]
Imagine beating bad teams
Sun's fans can't imagine
Oh! Must have forgot that one. He looks good in Brooklyn.
You gave up 115 to a magic team without like 3 starters
Why lol he killed it at the warriors
We always knew how good KD was, him going to Gs didn’t change that. Sure he sacrificed shots and stats during the regular season, but in the playoffs he always popped off. His playoff stats during that 3 years stretch was insane
Yea he only won 2 championships back to back while being the Finals MVP.
Everyone hated his move to Golden State because he’s good at basketball.
Welcome to Brooklyn Jarrett!
Pls no, he'll just interfere with sexland and I want them to develop together and become a strong duo
What, are we getting picks, too?
Holy shit!! Not even Shonda Rhimes can write this.
Miles Turner one of the best young bigs defensively. Leading the league in blocks and anchoring the whole Pacers defence. They're not gonna trade a way such a player
Nets pull the trigger on that 10/10 times. He’s an all-nba big...with professionalism.
Yeah another terrible defender just what the nets need
Eeeh, as a Mavs fan I'd trade every player 1 to 1 for Kyrie, except Porzingis and Doncic. If Kyrie tries then Mavs could be actual contenders.
They have Perry too who's been decent. His natural position is power forward but I think he works well as a small ball center.
nah it doesn’t sound insensitive at all, it’s a nice sentiment.
It's almost like he had a monkey paw wish. Made it to the NBA, became a star and a champion, made millions of dollars but....injury-plagued, Linsanity was short lived and never came back, barely played in the Finals, ended up in China and had a tough time being relevant since his peak. 

He got all the things an aspiring basketball player could want but probably not at all the way he wanted.
He got the bag in houston before as well so there are some silver linings at least.
He also got to win a ring, and was a featured offensive-player on a few teams.

At the end of the day, Dinwiddie+D'Lo were a better player/prospect and I'm glad everythign seemingly worked out for all of them.
He'd taken a paycut relative to the other offers on the table because he wanted to be a starter. If it was about getting paid he had richer offers to be 6th man elsewhere.
You’ve gotta be kidding me... it’s paid lol
I wish I had the stat but Hardens post D is in like the 90th percentile and it’s mostly vs big men cuz ain’t no guard backing that man up
Harden's post defense is solid because he's stronger than most guys in the league, regardless of position. His only problem guarding the post is that he sometimes uses too much base, and his opponent catches him with cement feet with quick spin moves
T H I C C
Harden is really strong. People just want to follow the narrative he’s bad on defense.

He’s been fairly decent on defense and is incredibly strong in post defense. He is a lot stronger than people realize.
When he was still on the Rockets he had some good steals on Vuc as he was rising up for a shot in the post. Real good at the swipe steal.
Jesus Christ, now that he's left Houston, people recognize his defense. It used to be awful, but the last few years, he has been a damn good defender, especially in ISO and in the post.
Harden now the small ball 5 on defense, who says no?
Hmm, do we want him to lose that belly now..
Doesn't matter because Embiid, Giannis, LBJ, Bam, and AD will crush him in the post. That's who the Nets should fear come playoff time. If they're relying on Harden to guard those guys it's gonna be a wrap like those 20 sandwiches Harden had for a pre-game meal.
What a great joke bud enjoy I hope you were born in time for that 08 win cuz your not gonna see another one
I would rather risk having a better score than having to watch DeAndre play basketball for more than 5 min per game

EDIT : meant to say record instead of score, it was late in Europe LOL
I don't know about that. He'd definitely play in the Big3.
Maybe someone like Jarrett Allen!
maybe offloading Drummond but idk if cap adds up
How though? They have no assets they’d trade, besides maybe joe Harris and no picks for the foreseeable future. They’ll be the biggest team in the buyout market but I can’t imagine them pulling off a trade that nets than an upgrade over deandre Jordan
Trade kyrie? I’m sure he’d LOVE to go back to the cavs.
Trade Kyrie to Cleveland
Capela!
JaVale McGee!
Why not pick up someone off waivers like Cheick Diallo or Dewayne Dedmon? They're not exactly stars but I feel like they'd be nice fits. I actually don't understand why Diallo is out of the league
Maybe the Spurs buyout Lamarcus Aldridge if nobody trades for him, he's 35 and I think the Spurs would want to start rebuilding once Derozan/LMA are gone.
I think only people wanting to offload bigs like Drummond (which might be a lateral move)
Yeah he can tell me the Nets are playing for the Atlantic Ocean and I wouldn't mind.
wouldn't monkey paw make it knicks/clippers
Man that shit was so sad lol he was throwing them half as high as he did for Wood and Jordan couldn’t grab ANY of them
His lob is one of the best weapons, really hope the Nets can figure out a good lob partner for him. I think it could be super effective with KD, but an actual center doing it would be way better for the overall offense.
I have been watching nets games this season, and he still got the lop but they don't do it often.
Yeah those dimes were great. That’s also what led me to believe his turnovers on passes were because of team-unfamiliarity. We’ve seen the Harden-Green-in-transition connection before. It’s nothing new to Harden.
His turnover rate *generally* hasn't been bad for a guy who gets as many assists and handles the ball in general as much as he does.  Generally his turnover rate is around 14-15%, although it was as high as 19.5% in '16/'17.  Comparing Harden to other players is, well, tough...but 14-15% seems pretty reasonable when guys like LeBron average 13-16%, Westbrook ~16%, Curry 12-13%, etc.
[Iconic](https://i.imgur.com/kbaVoco.jpg)
It's basically from putting the entire offense on his back at times.
Team turnover percentage was usually low when he was on the floor
Porzingis too.
depends on the defense. I remember when kelly olynyk lit us up which led to boban getting benched. When the big man cant guard perimeter it gets real easy for good shooting big men to knock em down.
I think Vucevic could too /s
Why'd it take so long to see this answer??
My b, only moved to brooklyn a couple years ago so not completely sure who you mean. Brook lopez?
It's "clown take" insurance in case Giannis has another 1-10 night from the FT line and they lose
Probably Giannis makes another stepback 3 in clutch or go 9 of 11 from FT just to regress to mean.
Lmao
The difference is Vucevic can drag the opposing big out of the paint bc of his 3pt shooting. He shoots it way better than Joel does

I've watched him a lot since he went there in the Dwight trade, that dude has become absolute hell to defend, I'm telling you. There aren't many bigs who present that level of threat on the block or perimeter
They cant shoot the 3 as well as Vuc so DeAndre is actually playable vs them
The Tacko disrespect will NOT stand
DJ is washed, but he's way more serviceable vs strong interior players than somehow like Vuc who plays like a wing player. The only times I saw him go in the post is when we had KD switched on him.
> Only Boston doesn't have a great interior presence *who can play more than a few minutes*

Fixed that for Tacko
your sleeping on top 3 center Daniel Theis
They're all better players than Vooch, obviously. But he's the best shooter out of them.
You can disagree if you want man, but at the end of the day you needed colossal games from both KD and Harden in 40 minutes each to beat an absolutely injury depleted team (we're down 3 starters and 7 rotation players overall). That defense looked very bad against a bad offensive team and it absolutely wasn't just because it was Harden's first game.
That's normal for Ross, and Vooch will almost always have that sort of game if the defense isn't good.
Deandre and he has to pay back his salary to the Cavs for Drummond
[removed]
Nearly as good as Michael Carter-Williams's debut
[removed]
Bro I almost had to delete my account when we signed Montrez. Turns out we wronged him, and like what Kenny Smith said, that ain't racism. That's just on court trash talking. Trez is a consummate professional that I adore now.
And harrell
Now I talk to Laker's fans and they're lifetime 'Bron stans, and they love bringing up that they think he's better than MJ.
Idk why because you guys weren’t relevant for 8 years
> where he jumped the shark for me was in the playoffs a few years back , when he took 35-40 shots a game and got knocked out by Utah 

I know exactly which game you are talking about: [https://www.basketball-reference.com/boxscores/201804270UTA.html](https://www.basketball-reference.com/boxscores/201804270UTA.html)

It's a game I like to use as an example of how overblown the Westbrook hate is. He took 43 shots and scored 46 points. Yep, not ideal, not efficient at all. 

People will repeat "46 points on 40+ shots" ad nauseum, without including the context that his next best scorer, PG13, who really should have been the 1st option, dropped 5 points on 2/16 FGs. 

Read that again - Westbrook gets infinitely more hate for dropping 46 points on 43 shots, than Paul George who dropped 5 points on 16 shots.

Look at the contributions from his OKC team mates in that box score and you start to understand why Westbrook took 43 shots that game...
The thing I wonder is... Witch such a low bbalI IQ, how does he get so many assists?
It was unexpected that someone on /r/nba dissed Russell Westbrook? Really?
I mean thats how being a fan works
r/nbacirclejerk
I don't see how him clearly being a 76ers fan with a rockets flair affects anything
People will assume he’s another salty sixers fan then
Imagine if he even managed to average 36 for a whole season!
He was hated in the Dwight years dude.
This was one of the fastest paced, all out high octane passing offense and clutch baskets games out there... What do consider fun exactly? 

Did you even watch the game?
This is always hilarious coming from Bucks fans. Your bias is glaringly obvious.

Y'all realise Giannis averages 10 fta's a game right? If Harden's boring coz of free throws then so is Giannis.
Salty that this guy also gets free throw calls but actually makes them instead of airballing
It's such a shame. I didn't want to like the Nets this year but KD made it really fun and I was pleasantly surprised. With Harden they instantly become my least favorite team in the league.
[deleted]
It really wouldn’t
Bruce Brown is basically current Westbrook anyways
🤦‍♂️
He can come in off the bench.
Not Kyrie either.
Oh my
Tonight he had 9 in the first, 7 in the second, 12 in the third and 14 in the fourth
Even a top bball youtuber made a video recently about Harden and the Nets showing him cutting to the basket or catch-and-shoot. I was like dude they have Harden now. He's going to be their primary playmaker. 🤦‍♂️
She does have excess hair 😬
She literally won MVP lol
No, we all thought she was hot but a real pain in the ass.
James “Reverse Shallow Hal” Harden
People irrationally hate the Rockets it’s hard to explain
Maybe it was alfredo pasta 😭
unless they start playind d. but lebron has a TEAM. well built, defense is their mojo.
I dont think the Nets are a threat to the lakers this year, its the next 2 we all need to worry about.
in 4 months, the Lakers would be even more well-oiled. If you think the Nets haven't gelled yet, it's the same for the Lakers, which have got an almost brand new team with all their additions.
Jimmy butler and rookies took 2 games off the Lakers, the Nets can still win even with AD playing well
Unironically their greatest basketball sin.
AD
You just completely omitted LeBron out to make your point.
Bruh
Nets defense will do that.
Oh wow, that's impressive. Still, the Nets still have Kyrie (hopefully?), so right now they're only at 2/3 superstars lol
We were before tonight. We’re struggling without Isaac, Fultz and Fournier.
It's really the Fournier loss that's hurt more. Or really all the injuries combined I guess.
It's impressive game by Harden and the Nets, but the guy I was responding to was saying things like

>League is LeFucked

It may be the case, but it's still way to early. The Nets absolutely aren't invincible - in fact, I don't think any team is invincible (even the KD-Warriors lost the finals due to shitty injury luck)
2 * 2 + 1 = 5
You've obviously got a big hole in the middle that will remain a long-term issue since you traded your best defensive big.

But it should be worth it.
nets don't even have irving and lost two stars lavert and afro. harden first game with new dudes. plus nets don't have a true center so Magic should have won this one easily but they did not. im very proud of Nets.
How do they have zero money when they have the DPE and midlevel?  Lots of good talent on bad teams talking to their agent about demanding a buyout to play for the Nets for $5mil.
You're going to have two of them on the floor at the same time all game.  They're both going to be amazing with KD so the only question is if they can work together while KD sits.  Only way it doesn't work is if Kyrie is a headcase and can't handle being the distant 3rd option which seems like a very real possibility.
Kyrie is a slightly better 3P shooter and that’s it
No ones gonna make that cause dude gonna straight retire if the Nets trade him lmao
The Cavs
Yeah not even memeing this would be legitimately the best thing to do. Imagine PnR with Harden and JA.
Exactly, kyrie won't even show up to play for the team he chose. He might just retire if he's traded lol
Kyrie Irving for Alex Caruso, who says no
That Rockets team if healthy beats the Warriors team. I'm not sure how you can say this Nets team is better than that Rockets team.
> This nets team hasn't even played together with their full roster and you're already

You did the same mate, let's chill and watch them perform before we start sprouting nonsense...
Only if draymond green is traded to one of them
He sucks
You fucking bum
Because idiots like you keep spewing dumb bullshit like that. Obviously anyone would take Harden over Ben. It’s idiots like you that make this place so shitty.
this was actually the best game the magic have played in a while
I’d only object because they wouldn’t get fair value for him.
Who would want kyrie though? He literally chose the nets and nobody knows when he might come back. How professional would he be if he was traded to some team he doesn't want to be part of?
As a nets fan, I agree. But think alot had to do with Nash not actually having a game plan, more of "harden and KD" Just do anything to score. As harden gets more time in, they will get better defensively I'm sure, and offensively by running actual sets
While that's sometimes true, looking at today's games how much better could the Nets even play (obv other than getting Kyrie back if he doesn't retire)? 

Sure they had lots of turnovers, but that was also playing against the terrible magic, imagine how many they would have had if they had actually played a good team. 

Other than that, this game was pretty much the max you could expect from Harden/KD/Harris, so other than getting Kyrie back and limiting the turnovers a bit, they really don't have a much higher ceiling
Damn so I'm not supposed to base the season off of one game?
And last week the Bucks gave up 115 to a tanking Pistons team and the Sixers gave up 134 to a Heat team missing its 2 All Stars.
He had to sacrifice shots (understandably). I'm still fine with KD taking first pick of shots any day of the week though. He's a killer.
Of course he killed it with them; but because people were too busy shitting on the guy and complaining about the move, “the hardest road” was discussed more than just how good the guy was imo.
People here don't watch games
Obviously. My point is that I feel like a lot of people were so busy complaining about him going there that they didn’t appreciate just how good he is.
Especially for a guy who changes his mind like a girl changes clothes
nets games would average 150 points per team
If
Yeah, guys like Isaiah Thomas are what you hate to see. Spend years carving out a place in the league, set yourself up for a nice payday and than boom, injured.
Still had a career most pros would dream of
Sorry, English is my second language and I have this mental lapses with spelling. Fixed.
In the Dallas Houston game one of our guards (I don't remember who) tried to post Harden and dude didn't even give up one inch. He's amazing using his booty down low
Still, he’s good for a guard. No idea what they do against embiid
> percentile

90th percentile is good right? He's better than 90% of the league and 90% of the league aren't bigs
A lot of people have recognized that especially in the post season he's been pretty solid defensively the last 3 years
A Toronto fan is really gonna talk shit? You guys are barely better than the Wizard and Pistons except your not supposed to be tanking, sit the fuck down
That's our curse, the price we have to pay
what happened to make him so bad? Was CP3 just carrying him that hard in LA?
I wonder if the better option was to trade Irving and keep both Allen and Levert?
It's so obvious that Allen was sent to Cleveland because KD and Kyrie wanted their buddy DJ to get minutes. Pisses me off because now we have an unnecessary and glaring weakness.
theyd have to give up kyrie
I think some people are guessing that JaVale might be available but I honestly don't know who they can grab that's much better than Jordan
That'd be solid, I'm down for as many ex-Rockets as possible. Don't think ATL would buy him out though, and we don't have much trade capital anymore haha
This seems like the most likely option tbh
Agreed!
My biggest wish is Dedmon, especially since he can hit the occasional 3.

And yea I don't even know where Diallo is anymore.... He's only 24 too.
That... that might be worse. I've watched a few Spurs game and he's even more washed than DJ, crazily enough. Check out the Spurs PGT, even Spurs fans are saying LMA is done, sadly enough, and he was never really that fleet footed to begin with. At least DJ can get you a few o-rebounds and a couple blocks. Think the only actual guy we might get that helps us is McGee, if we trade a 2nd round pick and send cash to the Cavs.
No cause we’re talking about the little brothers of the city /s
for real.. I couldn’t help but laugh after the third failed lob attempt. 

It pains me to think how perfect Jarrett Allen would have been paired with Harden. Hopefully Claxton can become that guy for him.
Maybe we can get Jarrett Allen from the cavs
Nets have an athletic 2nd year center named nic Claxton who has been injured but should be back in a month or two. He has good potential to fill in that role on offense, I don't have high hopes for him on defense tho, which j think is more important for them at this point.
That clint capela guy seems like a good lob partner
McGee would be a big pick up.
Yeah, someone like Christian Woo-- Oh...
Lopez, Jokic, Boucher, Gasol ---- if they are being left WIDE OPEN on EVERY SHOT --- then it's more common than it should be
Ah yes another one I missed
Yes
Sabonis is a great 3p shooter too
Embiid plays a ton on the perimeter though, and DJ has feet made of cement. I don’t know how he gets out to the Lopez 3s either against the Bucks
LOL. You think DJ can hang when Giannis takes him to perimeter and drive past him. You think KD can stop Giannis at full speed to the rim.
Also when harden was on him
How many east contenders have bigs that are slow and have no perimeter skill?
Sure.

AD is close but way more agile, Joker is a better shooter than AD, slower, but way better playmaker. Embiid is a little bit of both.

My point is that those players will get theirs against the Nets. Orlando doesn't have enough talent to sustain the Nets offense but DEN/PHI/LAL definitely do.

We haven't even discussed MIL and Giannis.

Nets should be the favorites to top the East but it sure isn't gonna be a cakewalk like people think it is.

I'm also not sure how happy Harden/Kyrie are playing offball every once in a while
[deleted]
Do they even have any defensive minded specialists on the coaching staff?
Hate to break it to you, but that was a below average scoring game for Harden...
[removed]
[removed]
Steve Nash said it too though.
I had to delete various comments about Jimmy Butler and how we didn't need him and we shouldn't trade him because we have Dion Waiters. 
 
Safe to say my hot take was sort of incorrect.
I mean, if you thought saying "white boy" was racist on a basketball court, you probably gonna wanna cover your ears at any pick up basketball game at a park ever.
One, never deleted my comments cause that's a pussy move and 2 bulls havent been relevant since Rose's MVP season. And before that jordan.
Its not just about the stats to me, the way Westbrook was playing in his past few playoff appearances (chucking up shots early in the clock, wild turnovers, poor decision making, lazy defense) is just not the type of basketball I like to watch. I know people always bring up some statline here or there that makes him look better, but for me I just don't believe that is how you play winning team basketball.

And imo he has displayed a lack of self-awareness to refine his game as he ages and loses athleticism, which we are starting to see now that he's 32 years old
because he has the ball ALL the time, you see an open teammate - you pass to him, that's not basketball IQ. he makes the worst decisions when it matters
Westbrook is a good passer but that’s the only high iq thing he’s good at everything else is below average
He thinks it’s boring when the free throws go in
If you want to compare Giannis forcing the issue by driving to the paint every play and getting hack-a-shaq'd to Harden kicking his legs out to make contact on jump shots equally please do.
Did y’all even watch the game?
feel exactly the same
No. Kyrie when he’s playing is a top 3 PG in the league, you don’t give up that ceiling when you’re chasing a title. He’ll come around.
Nope, I'd probably trade for Kemba, he's like Kyrie except slightly worse, but he won't cause locker room drama. But that won't happen, no way Celtics want Kyrie back so, basically the Nets are stuck with Kyrie.
🤣🤣🤣 nah still good with all that
what are you oh mying for. he's 100% right. I know you are a westbrook fan but his non existent basketball IQ would absolutely make this team worse
That amazing point progression is why KD is one of the best closers in the game. 12 and 14 in the most important quarters of a game.
Most Youtube analyst types are clowns tbh with very few genuinely insightful people who know their shit. It's not just sports either, you can see it with tech reviewers and Youtube movie "critics"
lol
I think smoke is a bit hyperbolic but I agree with you, the depth and chemistry of the lakers is ridiculous. They really run like a well oiled machine, a strong 1-2 punch of the best player in the league and a top 5 player who's dominant on both ends surrounded by strong role players who all contribute efficiently. It's going to be interesting if we get a nets - lakers finals, star power vs cohesion essentially
I agree, don’t know why you’re getting downvoted. If Brooklyn can secure a trade for a big then they’ll be set but at the moment they’re way over the cap and are gonna let up 110-120 points a game
Lakers are better this year and it took one of the 5 best finals performances maybe ever from Butler to win that second game.
Unless AD can play 48 minutes that’s not what I asked. Also it is true that AD is an all world player, easily top 5 offensively in the NBA. It is also true he would be the fourth best offensive player in a Nets-LA series. AD has to prove he can keep up with Kevin, not the other way around, don’t get it twisted.
I mean it goes without saying Lebron on harden and Durant level if not higher end of game, I was just pointing out that I think Durant and harden are both more valuable in a close series than Davis.
Why do people here act like the Lakers are the 2017-18 warriors? They’re a great team but they aren’t a shoe in for another title, there’s 3 teams that can legit possibly beat them. The best team on paper doesn’t win every series, I mean the heat were a 5 seed and they got hot at the right time and were 2 games from a title.
And the Celtics beat the magic by 30 last night without Tatum or Kemba
Yeah I kinda saw this game more as it’s great to see KD looking so dominant still after the injury and it’s good that they didn’t lose to the Orlando Magic who are in the 2nd day of a back-to-back after losing by 30 to the Celtics who didn’t have half of their starting lineup. 



Like it’s fun to see KD and Harden play together and they put up a lot of numbers but yeah idk if I’d say the league is fucked yet lol.
Nets don't need to be invincible to get through the east where they can just hack Giannis or Ben Simmons the whole last two minutes of the game and watch them go 1-10 from the line 🤷🏾‍♂️

They don't have to be the greatest team of all time to wipe the floor with every one of those East teams in the playoffs. Good luck trying to beat those two PLUS Kyrie while playing halfcourt offense in the playoffs, they're gonna make their shots a whole lot more than any other group of stars in that conference.
[deleted]
The magic are an even worse team than the Nets and they have so many injuries that they are missing even more players than the Nets

It's crazy the hoops you're jumping through to make up reasons why it's okay that they only beat what is probably the worst team in the league by 7 when they are supposed to a championship contender
Based on my review, I really doubt there is anyone that actually fixes there huge holes enough that you can get for slots that the Nets have

There's nothing special about the Nets that the Lakers/Bucks/Heat/Celtics/etc can't offer in terms of championship contention, if anything those players you're thinking of would have a better chance at a ring if they went to any of those other teams
That's the biggest point.

Can Kyrie's ego handle being the third option?

'Cause KD is unquestionable number 1, and it doesn't look like Harden lost a step.
It's weird, I'd imagine most players would be okay being the 3rd option with a good chance of getting a ring, but we already saw kyrie ditch the cavs when he had a good chance at more rings to try to be another teams superstar. Seems like he wants attention more than accolades
yall are sleeping on kyrie a bit. hes been absolutely bonkers this year, hes tied with jokic for highest raptor rating in the league. he ws also insane for the nets last year. i agree tho hes a bit redundant but he will make this offense stupid.
Okay well also throw in Deandre Jordan to sweeten the deal
Kyrie for AD ?
This is hilarious. Both of you are spouting nonsense and then blaming the other for spouting nonsense
[deleted]
No way for the Nets to take on Drays money and keep their big 3 right?
I’m a idiot for making a joke. Not even an ignorant one as reports came out that rockets wanted Maxey and sixers refused to put him in. Yes I know there reports Tillman was never going trade him to Philly. But for the purpose of the joke I ignored it. Like you could have ignored this comment.
This isn’t unusual bruh, good championship contenders can lose to trash teams, it happens. Lakers just lost to the spurs a few weeks ago, doesn’t mean nothing.
[deleted]
That's on him b/c he made a shitty choice too though
Exactly my point. People were so pissed off about the move that anytime they would see his stat line, they would just ignore it and say “of course he killed it, their team is stacked.” Without actually watching.
I mean /r/NBA has had a hate boner for him even before the move and that ain't ever gonna change.
Katy Perry?
He's strong as fuck, even kawhi couldn't move him
You ever tried to post up a fat guy

Yeah it’s rough
Probably Brunson. He used to post up a lot at Nova.
He actually guarded luka like that in the post.
He thic
Correct In low post defence he’s rated very highly you can look it up for yourself it’s not hard to find
Why so offended when you came here to shit on Harden? And I ain’t even mad we suck next years draft looks great and the East is stacked so it’s a great time to rebuild
DJ lost his athleticism and the game has trended towards big men needing to be more mobile.

2015 DJ would be decent in 2020. Current DJ might have got minutes in 2015. 2020 DJ should not be getting minutes in 2020.
You think Houston wanted anything to do with Kyrie in this present period of time?
Probably but no one wants to take on Kyrie at this point. He’s on a team with all-time greats and he’s friends with them...but he still seems depressed/miserable.
I don't think that was an option
I just dont see why Allen had to be sent out if he ended up in Cleveland. It’s like Cleveland somehow snuck into that trade and stole a fantastic 22 year old center.
you think this is the case? They probably had to send either of Allen, dinwiddie (injured so they didn't send him) or harris. I do agree keeping Allen would have been great, but I dont think he was shipped out because of KD/KI
Who would you send in his stead? Obviously no one wants dj
They had to send something valuable to the Cavs for them to take Prince’s salary. It sucks to lose JA in basically a salary dump but you do it every day of the week when you end up with Harden.
Surely u needed to give him up though?
It's better they do.
I think if they can get JaVale for cheap and straight swap DJ for Drummond or some maneuver to fit the cap while keeping DJ it can work but there's a reason I'm not GM

not having to consider player relationships in 2K definitely makes this easier
Damn, didn't know that about LMA. Last season he was shooting like 39% from 3 and coming off an all-star season. Idk whether his performance is a product of playing with a sub-par Spurs team or his age. Could honestly be a bit of both. 

McGee seems like more of a solid backup center, he has asthma and can't play heavy minutes sadly. Drummond would be nice in a simplified role - he should be a pure rim running center but he tries doing extra stuff and gets carried away. Should stick to rebounding and dunks honestly. 

Richaun Holmes on the Kings has been really good as well - Kings have a logjam at the 5 so depending on how good the Kings are this season maybe they try to move them.
Here’s a photoshop of what he might look like on the Nets https://i.imgur.com/NCPo7tB.jpg
Did that hurt you to write as much as it hurt to read?
Nah, we like that guy. Can we interest you in a lightly used Javale McGee?
from his limited minutes last season, claxton was actually really agile when he swapped onto guards.
Gasol is not going to make them please stop. He looks about as washed as DeAndre Jordan on offense.
.346 on 2.2 attempts isn't great and this is the most he has ever attempted.
Embiid has always killed DJ. Just puts him in the spin cycle and Jordan can’t keep up
Pretty much just the C's haha. Although there def aren't that many centers in the East that jack up 12 3's and make them on a 50% clip, even if the defense is sub par.
Look man, I'm excited as hell for the Nets trio. I love the chaos it could reign on the league lol.

But I'm making an *observation*, you're the one making assumptions lol.
[removed]
that's when i knew for sure r/nba was extremely soft and mostly suburban white teens.

yada yada you’ve heard the criticisms before but like damn... “white boy” is the trigger? go to richest neighborhood gym you know of, I guarantee you... you finna hear that lol. 

no one is stanning Trez saying that. it’s a little toxic, for sure. this subs reaction though? comon man..
It's common, so it's not racist. 

It's OK for white West Virginians to keep casually saying the N-word then.

It's OK for employers to throw immediately away a resume if they see "Daquan" or "Mo'Nique" on the application.
evan go back to doing your 5th grade math homework
I don't disagree with any of that, it just blows my mind that someone would use that specific game as evidence
I see. Thanks!
Harden drives more per game than Giannis...
I did!
My eyes are still clouded from the MVP Westbrook days 😔 every time I see him go on court I think “today’s the day he finally will shake off [whatever excuse I gave for him that week] and go back to slamming kids” but it never happens... it felt like I saw glimpses of old Westbrook just before the 19-20 playoffs injury but it’s all in the past now. 

He’d definitely not fit on the nets anymore and that makes me depressed because there was a time when kyrie < Westbrook was a no brainer
Dude just adding him and not even playing him would make the team better. Also if you bench him and don’t make him the ball handler you’d get some depth. Don’t act like if the Nets got the option for a free Westbrook they’d deny. Come on man this should be obvious.
And the first game the Heat won the Heat were missing 2 of their best 3 players
You’re really underestimating how good AD is, he’s not the 4th best, he’s third at worst, but possibly second because of the matchup problems he presents to KD. AD can guard KD, KD can’t guard AD. Even if AD is 4th best offensively he’s first defensively by a wide margin. The Lakers team beyond the first 2 are so much better than this Nets team.

If Kyrie comes back and those three guys don’t miss any time going forward, then we got a series. If he doesn’t, or if Kyrie fucks around when he comes back or if there’s any kind of political problems figuring out their roles, then I really don’t see a way for them to beat the Lakers unless LeBron or AD aren’t 100%.
Appreciate hearing this from a Lakers fan. The Nets will only get better by the trade deadline, fill in some defensive gaps, gain chemistry, and, yes, the East is pretty fucked. Depending on who they end up getting at the deadline, I'd assume the Lakers aren't stoked about this team.
I think the point is u guys have literally no one and say wat u want about Allen but he would of been infinitely better tonight then Jordan
Seriously, the magic are in terrible shape right now. C's had tacko fall out there against them for 8 minutes and attempting a three. Beating the magic in their current state is not an accomplishment.
salt

cap. no further discussion please thank you
You're just trolling if you think Jaylen/Jayson/Kemba, Giannis/Middleton, or Jimmy/Bam/Herro really are interchangable or better than a team with two of the greatest offensive scorers (plus the best ballhandler) in NBA history.  No disrespect to any of those guys, they're good, some great, basketball players, but  not the same tier as Harden or KD.

It's like suggesting Portland had a chance against Golden State with Steph and KD.  Dame and CJ are great, but in the NBA playoffs, all time great hall of famers just aren't going to lose to all star guys.
> Can Kyrie's ego handle

Can say no right there.
i'd just rather have the ball in harden and kd's hands

kyrie isn't filling a weakness. that's the problem. the nets have a clear weakness with the lack of a big and kyrie is just a luxury with harden on the team now

obviously kyrie can add a lot of value outside of the starting lineup and when harden's shot's not falling, but not as much value as a big could add
At each other? The dude hasn't replied to me, are you drunk?
No, but I don't hate him either.
Lol it was a joke. Since dray is almost universally hated outside of gsw
Nope. You just wanted to spread misinformation to make a dumb joke. Do better
Lmfao cmon man the magic and spurs aren't at all comparable rn

Magic are the worst team in the league, missing tons of key pieces and playing horrible 

Spurs are one of the hottest teams in the league, playing greatest basketball and have won 5 of their last 7 games 

Like you're right that good teams lose to bad teams every now and then, that's what makes basketball so amazing its a make or miss game

But your comparison is not accurate at all and really invalidates your comment
Bro I'm using the same logic as you. That's all
He was consistently incredible in the playoffs. Of course playing with Curry made it easier, but Curry wasn't the reason why he was pulling clutch 3s over LeBron. Fully deserved those FMVPs
Kitty Purry
Honestly, I got better at my post spin moves and hook shots posting up fat guys and dudes 6+ inches taller than me.

I'm all of 5'9" 160lbs and usually the smallest man on the court.
I made a joke about Harden’s defense and you came at me for no reason lmao
Wasn't DJ pretty mobile for a center? I mean, was pretty mobile.
Kyrie pulled some queens gambit shit so he gets to play with KD and Beard.
What's the over under on days until Kyrie returns to play? 7?
Well Houston could've retraded him to someone else like they did Lavert no?
Yeah it was because Allen is a valuable piece. They wouldn’t ship him off to placate DJ lmaoo
Yes, Nets needed to get off of Taurean Prince’s contract to make space and the Cavs (or anyone else) weren’t taking Prince’s contract without something in return. Sucks that it had to be our defensive stud center center, but it is what it is.
def agree. obviously im a homer but if vucci mane can put up that, lebron and AD will average 50 each in the post. they need a big dog
Cavs would never take Drummond for DJ. Gotta have some more pieces or picks, which nets don’t have many of
The comment I replied to was implying they’d make a trade which they do not have the assets to do. I also see no universe where anyone ever trades Drummond for DJ. He’s been slept on since he’s a straight up 5 who’s played in Detroit and Cleveland recently but the dude is a beast and DJ is washed. With the nets having no other assets, there’s no way that trade is going down
Yea those are all really solid options. I don't think the Nets have the $ for Drummond though, and don't think Cavs would buy him out. Also this is kind of tangent, but he's legitimately crazy. I was watching Knicks-Cavs last night just because it was on, and he's like really really good, but he also kept on trying to run point. I'm not sure if you ever watched Drummond's mixtape (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXB6vc5Z_A4), it's one of the GOAT high school mixtapes, but Drummond was trying to play like that... In the fucking NBA... And it was sorta working. Granted it was vs the Knicks.

I honestly don't think we'll be able to land a solid 5, and instead just run out Kyrie-Harris-Harden-KD-Green for the last 6-8 minutes of every game, and hope to outscore the opponent. Just hope to the Basketball Gods that whenever we play really talented big men they're exhausted by the end of games from being pick and rolled to death by our guards.
It looks so real! How did you get the lighting so perfect
Don’t quit your day job
That jersey crop is pretty bad tbh
Yea my concern is the inside presence, as a rim protector and as someone who can bang in the post with centers like embiid
The fuck are you talking about, he's shooting 38% from deep so far this season and has been averaging around that for like 3 seasons lol
> Tacko

> no perimeter skill

\>:(
[deleted]
[removed]
think it's more of a reddit thing than an r/nba thing. the majority of this site is white and uncomfortable with race and racism and their position within it.
Bruh
[deleted]
You still got time to delete this lmao
Satire? Please be satire
If you're going to equate it to the "N-word" you should call it the "W-word" to make it seem like its even in the same galaxy.
I mean, if I saw the name "Mo'Nique" on an application I'd probably interview her just to get an autograph, bro. She's got an Oscar.
I mean all mvp Westbrook did was pad stats and take a shit ton of highly inefficient shots. His basketball iq is so low especially in the playoffs. I used to be a fan but not anymore really.
You‘re delusional. Westbrook is such a terrible player in terms of basketball IQ, the only teams who would want him are bottom table teams which suck anyway. No contender team wants him
And the game they had their best players they got blow out

> I'd assume the Lakers aren't stoked about this team.

I'm stoked personally, we're too deep and too good defensively and we have two players that can get to the rim at will against them. It'll be a tough matchup, probably 6 or 7 games but if we win, it's another feather in LeBron's cap. If we lose, we'll have lost to one of the greatest big 3s the game has ever seen, can't be mad at that.
Yikessss hahaha

Got eeeem
You're just trolling if you seriously think that the team ends with the stars 

All of the teams I mentioned have SIGNIFICANTLY better teams beyond their stars, which gives them a huge edge over the Nets and makes each of those teams much more attractive to any buyout candidates
Not disagreeing on the redundancy but against elite defenses having one more unstoppable force will be huge. For example against miluakee jrue is great against hardeb and giannis could guard kd. Add kyrie into the mix tho and it makes it more difficult. One of them will have a huge mismatch every night.
Harden eating Kyrie's lunch should come as a surprise to no one.  They fill a similar role on the court too.
Ight welp. Enjoy Maxey. I’ll enjoy watching Harden
Yeah he was. Perhaps decent underplays how good prime DJ would be now.
365
Real life isn't 2k homie
you gotta consider they have Jarrett Allen now and Drummond's cap hit is huge - offloading him is definitely something they want to do but I'm not sure at what price
Drummond is an interesting case - every now and then he does some crazy stuff on the court and you're like "how the hell is a 7 footer doing that" and then he proceeds to make like 10 boneheaded plays in a row. I think if he was on a team where he was behind Harden/Kyrie/KD in the pecking order maybe he'd understand his role better, who knows though. 

I think if nobody is interested in trading for Drummond by the trade deadline, then him and his agent would push for a buyout - teams usually oblige because it saves them money and they can keep goodwill with the player's agent. 

Drummond (and probably other centers on the final year of their contract) probably see an open spot on the Nets that they could fill and use to boost their value for an upcoming contract, so I could see them pushing for a buyout if the team they're currently on isn't looking too good.
Maybe he's from a parallel universe where this is already a reality.
I don't care what his numbers are I'll bet $10,000 he'll never make 7 3-pointers in a game.
remember the Magic are short-handed and LAST in ASSISTS and 3PT%
[removed]
I think you are the delusional one if you think teams would decline Westbrook for free on the bench. Holy fuck that’s the dumbest thing I’ve heard this week.
They never really had their best players. Got an got injured early in game 1 and didn’t even play til game 6 where he was still on a torn fascia.
Teams with depth don’t beat teams with superstars in the playoffs in the NBA. It’s not football where the 53rd man muffing a punt or unable to be a good long snapper can lose the game. 

Even if we play your game and pretend the 6th man matters as much as Tatum vs KD, you’re severely underrating the Nets depth. No team has a fourth option as good as Joe Harris and Bruce Brown/Landry Shamet are productive solid NBA options as well. TLC and Chiozza are no different from DiVincenzo/Nunn. You just started with the conclusion the Nets suck, and are grasping at straws to figure out why.
true but id rather have someone who i trust guarding giannis

obviously i dont expect them to lock him up 1v1 but deandre is cheeks
Teams would gladly accept kyrie taking the ball off the hands of the MVPs

Middleton will just be assigned on him and hope for the best.
the team chemistry will suck though
Okay bet. You have fun with that kid
Drummond is a free agent next year, his cap hit isn't relevant for us because worse case scenario we can just wait him out. We're not taking fucking DAJ for the next 3 years lmao
That's a really good point. Plus, Harden gets centers paid just like CP3.
Based on what /u/CapJackStarbury2000 said if he was given 12 open shots (would never happen on this team but thats not the point) its not a massive stretch to say that he could hit half of them. He's still a good shooter
Well, yeah. Not a lot of centers can do that. Doesn't change the fact that he's a good 3 pt shooter and has been for awhile now.
Your Westbrook flair doesn't help you here one bit. You're obviously very biased and think Westbrook is something that he's not
A team being significantly better 4-8 makes a world of difference come playoff time, especially considering that the given the chemistry issues and the fit issues that the Nets have with their top 3 (if kyrie doesnt retire, top 2 if he does), the Bucks/Heat/Celtics/76ers are all close enough top end wise that having much better depth would more than make up for the difference

You can hype up the Nets scrubs all you want, but Harris is no better than DiVincenzo, Seth Curry, Duncan Robinson, Justin Holiday, KCP, Bojan Bogdanovic, Mikal Bridges, Trent Jr, etc etc etc

And even if Harris was a hair better than any of those guys, which again he's not, each of those teams are sooo much better 5-8 that it isn't even comparable. Bruce Brown, Shamet, TLC, Chiozza are all players that only see playing time because of how bad the depth is on the Nets. Okay maybe Brown would get bench time on other teams, but even that is stretching

I'm not grasping at anything. I'm literally spitting facts of why the Nets are not title contenders as currently constructed, and I have evidence to back it up considering that they struggled to beat the worst team in the league yesterday

Keep spinning the facts, whatchu got next?
deandre is worst than cheeks.
Was this his player option year? Damn, I thought it was next year. That makes things weird, yeah
Yeah Harden does great with rim-rolling centers, Deandre Jordan would've been the perfect center to put next to Harden if he was just a few years younger and more athletic
You taking the bet or not? Cuz if you aren't, Gasol doesn't belong on this list. Nor does Boucher, for that matter.
Dude I know what Westbrook is, a player who has declined a lot and doesn’t have the highest BBIQ. I know because I actually watched his games a lot. But to act like Brooklyn wouldn’t take Westbrook for free is just so insanely ignorant that I just can’t comprehend how stupid you are being right now. The fact that you are making conclusions based on my flair instead of what I’m actually saying says enough.
> A team being significantly better 4-8 makes a world of difference come playoff time


Yes this perfectly explains why Lebrons Cavs teams with Dan Gibson and Delonte West coming off the bench lost before the finals to well rounded rosters. And why Golden State notoriously couldn’t advance past the second round despite their superstar top heavy starting roster, because Leandro Barbosa, Speights and Javale Magee couldn’t hang with much more well rounded LAC and SA rosters. 

What fucking fantasy world are you living in?  When the fuck has having a great sixth man or backup C ***ever*** been enough to overcome HoF greatness in the playoffs?

Harris is a *lot* better than all the other guys you listed, he’s one of the best and most efficient scorers in the NBA. Making it obvious you don’t actually watch the sport. Comparing Joe Harris to Divencenzo is a fucking joke.  KCP can’t score at all but yeah impossible to spot any difference between him and a guy shooting 49% from 3. Just absolutely no difference between Harris and Holliday averaging 11ppg.
The bet being Gasol hitting 50% of 12 wide open 3's? yeah I'm taking that bet. He's hit 5 of his last 12 3's overall so again - not that much of a stretch if we're talking about wide open shots
What you‘re saying combined with your flair just tells me that you‘re delusional. What are Brooklyn gonna do with Westbrook? Only play him off the bench? Good luck keeping him happy enough to only play 10-15 mins. Because once he gets on the floor with Harden the chemistry will be negative and especially with KD. We saw them together, they just don‘t work. Why take on the burden?
>  I'll bet $10,000 he'll never make 7 3-pointers in a game.

You can tag me anytime if he ever does it. But that'd require you to have reading comprehension, kinda hard for the average Lakers fan.
They don’t NEED to play him, he can just sit on the bench in the worst case scenario. What if Harden gets injured? What if Kyrie keeps being weird and doesn’t want play anymore? A backup guard is always a good thing. Especially if it is Westbrook.

Goddamn I know that this sub is reactionary, doesn’t watch games and is a big circlejerk but this should be common sense.
You can't just change the goalposts and act like that's what the discussion was about.

>Lopez, Jokic, Boucher, Gasol ---- if they are being left WIDE OPEN on EVERY SHOT --- then it's more common than it should be

your reply was;
 
>Gasol is not going to make them please stop. He looks about as washed as DeAndre Jordan on offense.

My point is that if Gasol was given 12 wide open 3 point shots, it's not too crazy to say he could hit half of them. I'm not trying to argue that he will make 7 in a game because he rarely even gets close to that many attempts lmao
Yeah good luck keeping the diva Westbrook happy when he only sits on the bench. I thought people who had him as a flair would know how he behaves
He has never been a diva, quit the bullshit.
Lmao the delusion is real holy shit, please stop sucking him off so much
I think it’s the other way around with plain hating when you obviously haven’t watched his games but okay, let’s end it here.
Yes obviously it‘s the opposite when you‘re the one with the Westbrook flair. I have watched enough of him
What the hell were the Wizards doing that last possession

Foul Kyrie lol
Westbrook and Rui were the only reason this game was close lmao. The wizards got schooled on so many PnRs with Matthews and Len/Lopez involved that it drove me crazy.
Blake Griffin is undefeated in games he's dunked in 2021.
Clax Attack in full effect tonight!
What are the wiz doing at the end of games

Edit: russ and harden after the game ❤
Blake had the highest +/- for the Nets lmao
Washington always has our number. Never fun playing them
Nic Claxton keeps getting more and more minutes and looking better and better. Things you love to see
What a waste of Bestbrook
The Nets' strategy to compensate for their poor defense is to take advantage of the fact that there are only 48 minutes in a regulation NBA basketball game, and that they can easily outscore most teams in that span of time.

Like the other team can keep it close but it's really, *really* hard reliably getting stops against Brooklyn.

Also, can we talk about how a lot of Brooklyn's action is to get the Other Guys involved? Like you can shut down a Kyrie or Harden drive right until they get to the basket and bam, the help defense forgot Claxton's cutting to the rim too or Harris is in the corner wide open.
Nets praying they don’t play the Wizards in the first round
This Nets team is really good. Claxton is such a revelation over there. Fucking unbelievable to come out of nowhere and fit a need so exactly for them.

Bruce Brown, Joe Harris, Jeff Green, Griffin maybe.

Feel like the only thing that can stop them is themselves. Or LeBron maybe lol
Brooks is litterally the worse coach in the NBA and it's not close his rotations are completly random. Litterally put some line up with 0 3pts shooter around Westbrook.

It's like he saw MDA running 5 out last year around Russ and wanted to do the exact opposite
Clax is the one
Russ is so great to watch man, when he turns on the afterburners and blasts to the cup it's insane!

Glad we finally had a W over the Wiz this season, they've all been fun games!
Washington just gave up at the end there
Blake had the highest +/- for the Nets lmao
Russell has to stop deferring so much. He was on tonight and could have scored more when it mattered.
Damn can’t believe the Nets finally got a win vs the juggernaut Wizards
Westbrook should have had 20 assists, easily. So many missed shots by his team. All right at the basket too.
For shame
Great to see Nash finally playing clax in crunch time
People say Westbrook makes the team worse but he is better than Beal tbh. Only thing is he is older and the contract is a bit of an overpay.
Offense > Offense
That last possession was bizarre, I checked the score and time twice to make sure I wasn't wrong about them definitely needing to foul.
Odd Ending
Wizards have about 3 players russ, beal, hacimura, the rest of there team is so so bad lol. Mathews, Neto, Deni, Len, Lopez, etc...
Where'd Beal go
Lol matthews really lost the game for the wizards
League fucked when Blake dunks
Garrison Matthew singlehandedly lost us this game. In the last 4 minutes of the game, he gives the nets TWO And1s. Then he gets two WIDE OPEN 3 point shots and bricks them both in the worst way possible. I have no clue why he was in the game. Fire Scott Brooks
Nets finally exorcised their demons lmao
The refs made it clear you can man handle guards on drives all game - then right at the clutch moment they decide its not ok. When there is zero consistency on the refing the games are a little painful to watch
Guys I don’t know if anyone else has noticed, but this Nets team is pretty good.
How tf do you stop this team
I feel like Brad Beal never seems to do anything good in the clutch.
Garrison Matthews Brooklyn Nets MVP
I really want a playoff series of these 2 teams
Beal stopped trying after the Allstar game. It's just Russ and Rui right now for the Wizards.
Russ and Beal just wanted to go home, I guess.
Kyrie the real mvp of the nets
That was garbage tier late game play from the Wizards, what the actual fuck were both Russ and Beal doing?
Wtf was that three Russ
really nice choice by Brooks of letting Neto on the bench
Feels like half the Nets games I watch end so awkwardly
What were the wizards doing on the final possession?
Blake and clax might be a nice Duo for going “big”
Who tf drew up that last minute for the Wiz lmao. Dudes just forgot how to play ball
I reckon we can beat these nets interior d is ass
They just wanted the clock to roll and leave
Yeah Kyrie’s like the most likely NBA player to escape a trap as well and even then they let him run around for good 8 or so seconds after he did escape the trap lol. Just braindead execution.
Need to cover that +8.5 spread hehehe
Game was over?
Makes me think that Brooks isn't the problem and the team really is just that dumb
Yeah that made no sense, it looked like they just gave up.
Down 5 with 20 seconds left and 1 timeout and a 90+ FT shooter has the ball? The game is over no matter what they do
Westbrook was unstoppable tn. He’s absolutely dominant passer in the pnr. He’s still pretty damn good
Len/Lopez at least contributed by scoring points to make up for it. Matthews was just out there doing absolutely nothing
[deleted]
Games he’s dunked in since January 2020
Big if true.
Getting set up by the mvp ayy
Having Scott Brooks as a head coach
Making up for what they did to the Nets last time they played
Thanks Garrison. Everyone blame this loss on him. Point your finger at him guys
The roles players are like perfectly suited to play around the stars. Other than KD Kyrie and Harden, almost no one scores off ISO’s. It’s the reason our bench can at times blow leads without one of the stars in but it’s also the reason we’re able to score so many points. Claxton might end up being a complete beast for us and may have a huge playoff impact, he’s a perfect pairing with harden
I love how they all run around and pass so much. I mean they're not Steph Curries but bless their little hearts they try.
the Nets are so flat on defense that when they do crank it, it always works since teams arent expecting to flip such a massive switch
Russ is our daddy
Brooklyn is undefeated against the Wiz this year when Harden is on the floor so I think they’ll be alright
> Fucking unbelievable to come out of nowhere and fit a need so exactly for them.
> 
> 

Wasn't exactly out of nowhere tbh. Nets fans had been waiting for him to return all year and were even kind of expecting this level of play from him.
I still favor the Heat, Bucks, and Sixers in a 7 game series over them.  Just a gut feeling tbh
Its so ugly there is zero spacing for Westbrook and wizards fans want to blame him its disgusting lol. Whenever I see him drive theres always lopez, len, bonga, or rui camping in the paint.
what good 3 point shooters did the wizards have? bertans was out and matthews was the best they had
Is Blake the missing piece?
He closed out the two games before this one as well, iirc
He was unreal tn. He puts so much pressure on the team
was a 2 point game at one point, wtf
He got cooked all game.  Not sure why we didn't try anything else after they switched the play on to him for the 40th time in a row.
Should’ve clearly kept in Bonga but yeah Scott Brooks
I like Mathews, but no clue why he was in near the end.
i mean he just missed two 3 pointers, one coming off a screen. given how the wizards other than westbrook were playing at the end matthews getting a trey probably wouldn’t have changed the outcome
maybe they just pay more attention at the end of games? it’s probably not even a conscious decision
I mean we just lost the game before. 

Now if KD comes back idk.
Beal in his last 3 games (vs Bucks, Kings, Jazz) 

37 pts on 68%

29 pts on 60%

43 pts on 67%

Westbrook fans are cancer
This team seems to want crunch time. Like every game has to go down to the wire.
Maybe if your superstar player didn't have paper legs and glass knees
Not when KD is there too
smart players would foul regardless of what coach says imo
Brooks is pretty bad but feel like he's often times used as a scapegoat for a lot of problems that the players have.

The fact that they didn't foul at all basically as soon as Kyrie got the ball is very telling about pretty much every player on the roster, mostly Beal and Westbrook though.
Brooks is a big problem but outside of Beal, Westbrook, Rui and occasionally Bertans and Neto none of these guys would be in the league.
😂😂😂 ayoo chill.
This. They absolutely should have fouled but especially with beal having the game he did it was over.
I would say I’d have no clue why Bonga wasn’t in for Matthews due to the already terrible spacing Westbrook has, but then I realized Scott Brooks is still the HC.
Maybe if you watched any part of the game you’d know that Westbrook was the only way they could get ANY offense. Beal went cold and couldn’t even get many shots up, and the centers (lopez and Len) had great box stats due to Westbrook. When westbrook deferred in the 4th, Matthews hit the side of the backboard while wide open lmao
Somebody doesn't know what a 2 for 1 is I guess
He’s our only clutch player I’d much rather him take it than Beal if that’s who you think should take it.
he hit em last time tbf
Comes with the experience
dude shot 40% and just happened to miss two highly visible 3s in the clutch. we were down by a lot more than that and for plenty of other reasons.
I guess it balances it because he won us the last Nets game.
*Points at Matthews*

“Boo this man!”
That man was making sure the Wizards weren't winning
Steve Kerr mentioned something about vertical spacing some time ago and I think that's something teams can take to heart - if they have multiple passing threats on the perimeter, pair them with a big who can catch lob passes and that gives you a safety valve on offense. That way even if the defense stays home on the shooters you still can't help off of the guy careening towards the rim.
Is it that they're perfectly suited?

Or is it just that the stars are really good, so they can play around the strengths of teammates with clear strengths and weaknesses?

Because earlier on, a lot of people were saying they had anti-synergy, that the supporting cast are also largely good offensively and weak defensively, say, or that it's a waste having an elite shooter like Harris on a team with elite scorers like Kyrie, Harden and KD that can get easy baskets anyway.

I think what we're seeing is just that Harden is an extremely skilled and versatile player, and so no matter who the role players were or what they specialised in, he'd be getting the best out of them.
The mental gymnastics to describe just actually good defense is astounding
But they also haven’t won when kd is on the floor so if they both play then what? /s
I'm not sure anybody expected him to be this good of a perimeter defender. 

His lateral quickness at his size is almost unrivaled
Alright well maybe, but I want to live in a world of wonder and bewilderment so let me have this
I disagree about the Heat and Bucks but all opinions are gut feelings at this point
I want what this guy is smoking please
We haven’t even played with kd lol
Lmfao... get real
hope you keep the same energy when kevin returns lol
Westbrook was to blame in the first 10/12 games of the season, he was abysmal, not the only problem but it was problem.

But then he had a solid stretch, and now in the past idk 7/8 games he's been really good, he's played at an all star level. But that roster is so flawed, and that coach is so so so bad, they have no quality wing, no 2 way players besides Rui (and even him is really limited defensively when it's not a pure iso), no spacing, no versatile big.
No wizards fans blame Westbrook
Bonga is a total non shooter, Avdija is almost the same at that point, playing those 2 + Russ + a center at the same time is a big problem.

Like I know Wagner, Hachimura, Brown and Neto aren't exactly the splash brothers but still...
I think making adjustments is past Brooks’ capabilities
Everyone has off shooting nights, too.

Easy to lose a game, harder to imagine Harden, Harris, KD having enough bad nights to lose 4 of 7 games though.
I'm a Thunder fan not a Westbrook fan. Find one post of my mine in your sub, i dare you. I couldn't care less about your shitty franchise. I watch your games if i got nothing else to do because you have Russ.

You do not account for Beal's terrible defense and constant ball-hogging while shooting contested mid-ranges. What's his assist to turnover ratio lol ? Wizards against Bucks without Beal, close game until the end (-6), with Beal blowout (-11) lol. Your franchise and your fanbase are the real cancer if you're happy with that lmao.
Damn did I pinch a nerve
That's what I'm saying. The team just seems incapable of basic basketball sometimes. Maybe it's just making Brooks look really bad.
Exactly it's on both coach and players
I mean Westbrook's BBIQ is bottom feeding lol, we all know that. Beal I'm surprised about.
Nah , everything is Westbrook’s fault here on r/nba
they deleted their comment but if they were complaining about the three pointers westbrook missed that’s dumb af. especially because one was in-and-out and no one else could get a bucket on that team. beal was totally lost after the first quarter
His speed was so impressive today. Nets couldn't stay in front of him at all. Throwing cheeseburgers to Len and Lopez.
I've heard some stuff but is beal really that bad in the clutch?
I think the best coaches all are starting to focus on this and design teams around it. Like the contract that Jarrett Allen just got for cleveland. The natural next evolution of small ball is to take advantage of the perimeter line defense opening up the inside.
the actually gymnastics of seeing them continuously give up layup lines and  fall in huge holes right out the gate hurts more
I think you’re on to something
His frame is like a 6'11 point guard, he is skinny as hell for sure weighs less than Harden, those tall lanky centers are usually very quick

Willie Cauley Stein for example
For someone who wasn’t following the team I can see how it felt out of now where. Nets fans were super high on him and he looked really good when he played last year
Lol don’t worry, nets fans only expected it because he had sort of become this mythical player on our sub / forums over the past few years. It’s one of those rare instances where a fanbase falls in love with a players potential before he’s done a single thing and when he does start playing he actually meets their absurd expectations. 

Before Jarrett Allen had his huge breakout last year, a lot of nets fans thought Claxton might end up being the center we build around. He’s also memed hard by nets fans because of his looks
Even in the stretch at the start of the season the wizards were a terrible defensive team. Especially now like you said they have no versatile big (Westbrook should have had somewhere between 15-20 assists today), nobody on the wizards play defense except westbrook and rui, they dont know how to space the floor and expect to maxamize there best players? So many issues with this team especially on defense. Deni, lopez, len, mathews, neto none of these guys can play team defense.
All wizards fans do/have, it was " we want wall back hes always been much better", "the westbrook trade wasnt for basketball it was more so for popularity" "wall has always been more impactful than russ". Saw it all. And the team doesnt even maximize russ. Clogs the paint, has zero shooters, the worst bigs in the entire league, worst coach.
Kyrie??
In those 3 games

Beal: +4

Westbrook: -18
Nah, but Embiid will in May's injury report
Nah Brooks is still extremely terrible
pretty crazy how he can rack up so many assist with "such a low BBIQ"
They both clearly knew the time but thought the game was over.
This is the unfortunate truth lol
That and Russ has played extremely well when the game is on the line.
You're not wrong.
You're hard on Neto and Mathews, they are just asked to do way too much, Neto is a 5'11 point guard, he execute well, but they switch him onto Harden or put him on Kyrie he's just gonna be too small to contest, but desite that he plays 20 minutes every game, Mathews is a back up shooting guard who's forced to start at small forward because they have no shooting, of course he's gonna get targeted.

But yeah overall you are right, that team has way too many bad defenders, and it's not like most of of those guys are good on offense either
Oh def. early in the season when Westbrook was hurt everyone was like “wtf we want wall back” but then it came out he was hurt and playing through it so the fan base did a 180 and we def don’t blame him for anything that’s happened since the teams come back from covid. The team is just constructed terribly by our shitty GM and coached terribly by our shitty coach
Does Kyrie have bad nights?!

Seriously though, obviously everyone has variance, but it seems to me like his style is less up and down since he finishes closer to the basket more than those I listed.

But sure, Kyrie too.
Lol saw that coming
Yeah I was gonna say, hasn't the consensus been that Brooks is pretty bad (or mediocre at best) for like six or seven years now? "Scott's secrit plays" wasn't a meme for nothing.
Westbrook does have pretty low BBIQ. His shot selection has always been awful.  He also tunnel visions a lot when losing. He does have pretty good court vision though.
tbh he does have them (very rarely) and then pops off the next game. same with Harden. tbh the only one that doesn't have bad games is probably Kd.
Yeah lol, tbh I hope he stays healthy but the WebEmbiid memes be too funny
lol at one point in my life I was really excited that the Nets signed Jordan Farmar.
Harden with a filthy triple double
This game was nowhere near as close as the score makes it seem. That Brooklyn 3rd unit makes my eyes bleed.
27 *MADE* 3’s you say?
This game was 82-80 at one point and then just like that it was 102-80
Irving makes scoring look effortless, but Harden straight up makes offense look effortless in general. He doesn't need to do much to get his shot off or get a good look for his teammates.
The nets are the best scoring team in the league it’s insane
The minute Harden left with a 24 pt lead in the 4th, the offense crumbled lol. Gave me a heart attack
Hardens a cheat code
Nets bench is so ass that they really let the Kings go on like a 15-0 run at the end of the 4th
the Kings played pretty well on offense but man the Nets are fucking terrifying when they're hitting shots

and holy shit were they hitting shots
Kyrie shot 82% (9/11) from 3 and 25% (1/4) from the FT lmaooo
Brooklyns role players have started showing up more recently, especially shamet
Harden with a +33. Scary Hours even w/o KD!
The fact that this team can score 136 in regulation without their best player is scary.
Kyrie was an automatic 3 in this game
 the decision that Harden is the point guard and Kyrie the shooting guard pays off. Everybody is more clear about their roles on offense. Love Harden in his role. Another triple double.
Game got out of hand in a blink of an eye
Almost shot better from the 3 pt line than the ft line.
James Harden is a better passer than Jason Kidd. There, I said it
James Harden going to be adding to his triple double count this season hard
The end of the game was insane. Harden sat and the lead just disappeared.
this game wasn't that close, we let the kings score in the 4th when we were chucking to try and break the nba record for 3's
I don't think Kyrie hit the rim on any of his shots
Every Nets game ends 140-128 wtf
fire luke walton.

I'll say it louder for those in the back.

FIRE LUKE WALTON
There was a 1:43 span in the game where neither Kyrie and Harden was on the court, and the nets were outscored 11-0. Says all you need to know about this shameful bench.
Please, please, please Monte, just trade away everyone not named Fox, Haliburton, or Bagley and rebuild this team the right way, avoiding just about every move Vlade made along the way.
Come playoff time nobody is beating us
At least Bagley played great on limited minutes.
The Anti-Rockets
[deleted]
Nobody wants to be Alfred.

KD, Kyrie and Harden can take turns in carrying the load of this team.
It's like they're the perfect version of the old school run TMC Warriors teams.
The net's bench is so ass though. Almost halved a 28 point lead if I remember correctly.
Harden with the 30 point triple double on great efficiency, wtf.
superstar power really did just decide this game…crazy shooting by great players
KD EWING THEORY POTENTIAL?! jk lol
Another day, another career might against the Kings defense. It's seriously concerning at this point.
Yo 125 from the Kings? Hope to god that shot keeps falling 57 percent of the time I guess lol.
Tbh Kyrie is still a locker room cancer and I’d much rather Kyle Lowry of CP3
This shouldn’t be a shocking win. Yes we were without kd but the kings are ass. 3 games below .500 should always be a W for the nets
I'll never forget the summer we were supposed to get John Wall and Lebron, but ended up with Travis Outlaw and Johan Petro.
[deleted]
Sad thing is it was our 2nd unit pretty much that lost the lead, we don’t even have enough available players right now to field a 3rd unit lmao.
That was basically our 2nd unit lmao, our bench is garbage without one of Kyrie or Harden out there
LOL Harden getting revenge against the wrong California team
I’m not sure if you noticed but our defense is atrocious. Like honestly we might be better off using Vivek’s idea to play defense 4 on 5.
It's so crazy, like all he does off of a Jeff Green pick is take a couple of steps forward(not even quick steps) and all of the sudden Green is just wide open behind the three point line because both defenders are following Harden.

Then Harden makes this nonchalant behind the back pass bounce pass to Green for a wide open 3.

The reads for him just seem so easy
In league history imo
Happened in less than 3 min.  The lead shrank from 28 to 12 at one point. The Nets scrubs were pushing the pace and taking terrible shots to break the record.  Kings got long rebounds leading to even more uncontested 3s.  Luckily Kyrie bailed them out and restored control for the last few minutes
its not like kyrie was in there. it was just the bench unit that got destroyed.
Pretty sure the Nets bench was tryna break the all time 3 pt record and the Basketball Gods were like fuck outta here.
I got scared for a second
That shit embrassing.  He had to send in kyrie
I mean we only have 5 players who Nash even plays off the bench. The buyout market can't come fast enough.
It's expected at this point. We had to put KD back in a bunch of our blow out wins.
It was so quick too, like within two minutes of Harden checking out
He has to be off balance otherwise the ball wont go in
Yeah he was rough at the start of the season but he’s been really turning it up recently
green has been great all year, same with harris. DJ is pretty ass but he has his moments. if TLC and shamet play with any consistency this teams offensive potential is absolutely historic.
Right? The minute Kyrie or Harden get hot it's over but still giving up 120+ is glaring
Honestly a toss up for who’s the best player between KD and harden imo.  KD the best scored in the league and unstoppable in that aspect but I think harden is a better offensive player as a whole, he can dominant with his scoring if needed but he’s just been completely controlling games with his facilitating which is something KD can’t do, Harden’s facilitating has legit been on god level and just on a different level from anyone else in the league, he also has been so efficient when he does score. Anyway harden and KD both good as fuck and both unstoppable in their own ways
Their best player is Harden.
True except harden has been the best player
Played against a shit team. Couldn’t do that against lakers with ad and bron healthy. Easy win tonight
The weird thing about it is that it very clearly isn't something that happened four to five days ago..

Harden showed up against Orlando and he was the point guard. End of story.
Harden made that decision himself the second he got there lol, he’s been the best facilitator in the league by a large margin and he’s shooting and scoring much less in favor of facilitating and get teammates involved
He’s playing like a super version of his OKC self.
I love Harden on this team, the guy is just so good he makes Kyrie redundant when KD plays. I don't understand why the nets don't flip him for picks and players who can help now.
58.3% on FT and 57.4% on 3s holy shit
Maybe not more skilled as a passer that’s a toss up imo but I do think he’s a better facilitator as a whole. He’s literally been unstoppable passing the ball this year and he can still score at will if he wants. On a different level as a facilitator to anyone in the league this year
Passing zero chance. Sorry but once you’re at that elite caliber of passers in NBA history like Jason Kidd, there are very few in NBA history who could match. He was so technically gifted with the ball.

Playmaker, yea Harden is better. Hardens gravity as a scorer combined with how easily he can penetrate and then pass makes him so fucking deadly.
Wut? If J-Kidd had Kyrie Irving and KD as teammates, he'd averaged like 15 assists per game. Harden is a great facilitator, but that great.
[deleted]
We didn't 'let' them score as if we weren't trying. We are just atrocious when one of the Big 3 isn't out there. 

Remember that Knicks game where we gave up like a 14-1 run in the last 2 minutes after Nash benched everyone thinking the game was over? These bench guys are garbage and completely incompetent without one of Kyrie/KD/Harden on the court to shepherd them.

Hell even with them on the court we are very good at evaporating big leads. We were up 36 against the Pacers and only won by 10.
Must-watch basketball
if the Nets had a league-average defense, they would one of the best teams of all time lol.
We were up 28 then started lolly gagging late cause the game was out of reach. Also Whiteside was making us look like babies inside lol
If they get some depth and defense in the buy out market then oh lordy lord they're going to be incredible
Richard Jefferson was prob chanting the same thing during time outs about his buddy.
Hopefully you can add a bench piece or 2 in the buyout market?
Are you guys over Buddy?
I feel like Whiteside on BKN would be ridiculous
How long are you gonna be rebuilding? It clearly isn’t that simple 

The kings are not in an awful spot.. Just gotta hope Bagley blossoms and the rest of the young guys also improve. Oh and get a new coach
I thought bagley is straight trash most the time, weren’t a lot kings fans pretty much done with him? Has he been playing well lately and changed opinions on him?
It’s a hard one tbh, if someone said Curry is better than Harden it’s not a dumb take, if someone said the opposite it’s not a dumb take, I think they are neck and neck honestly.

LeBron

Durant

Kawhi

Steph/Harden

Giannis 

This is my top 5...or 6
[deleted]
And one regular season game against *the Kings* is enough to prove this?
Rent free.
Dinwiddie has been dropping hints that he's coming back way earlier than expected (the other day he tweeted about doing workouts in week 5 post-surgery that the protocols say he should be doing at week 15).

I think that its highly unlikely, but that'd be awesome.

But yeah the big men available (Pelle and Vonleh) are garbage, TLC looked like he was going to be a solid contributor but he's been terrible for weeks now, Tyler Johnson isn't good, Shamet is still mostly bad...
Take out garbage time and we actually played pretty good defense tonight
If you watched the game, the starters were basically out and it was the second unit that lost like a 28 point lead, their team played good D today
We were up 28, should've been a blowout.  Tells you how rubbish our 3rd team is.
Who's shocked?
At least we got marshon "Kobe" brooks the following year.

Also very cool that we later traded Lillard, Tatum and Jaylen Brown for decrepit ass Gerald Wallace, Paul Pierce, KG, and Terry

Dark times
Petro was by far the best tank commander at the time.
No KD tonight.
yeah, garbage time players is just everyone that doesn't start lol fuck
I was being generous considering Tyler Johnson normally wouldn’t be out there and one of the big 3 usually would be.
I'm not sure if it's a coaching thing, but I cant believe after participating in a shoot out and giving up 74 in the first half (still only down 6), the Kings came right back out in the 2nd and did it again and thought maybe Fox/Hield/Barnes would outshoot Kyrie/Harden/Harris.

I understand the Kings always play at a fast pace and have young legs, but Cory Joseph and Bagley were doing work when the pace was slower and they were grinding toward the rim.
Stauskas?
Stauskas?
Stauskas.
The one advantage to essentially playing as the sole ball handler for years and years against defenses designed to stop you. 


Hes seen pretty much every defense at this point, I would imagine. Combine that with him now knowing where the help is coming from (not from KD, kyrie, or Harris defenders), and it's just too easy.
Your opinion is (or was as of a week ago) proven fact.
I can never be comfortable with any Nets lead 😔
Exactly it's embarrassing when we get a wide margin of lead and see it crumble within minutes
the 3rd unit was ass... the starters actually played well and held them under 100
Defended pretty well tonight actually. Kings inflated their score a lot in garbage time.
Would've probably ended 145-110 if the scrubs didn't finish the game for the Nets.  Like I feel like the def rating for Nets garbage time tram is like 200
I'm a harden fan and I think KD is probably the 2nd best scorer of all time and the best player on the team but the fact that it's a debate between KD and Harden on offense in general makes me happy
I think KDs been more offensively impactful at least by on/off. Harden is more important for bench units though
I think Harden is what can really make this team elite, but I think KD is the most important guy. He's shores up our two biggest weaknesses which are defending and rebounding just by being a 7 foot slender man with decent defensive abilities (obviously he brings his offensive talents as well).
You’re too woke for this sub
Kyrie has been the best player in at least 1/3 of the games he has played with them too
KD
stop it
Nah
yes i remember his first games and people wondered why he wasn't shooting that much. Was facilitating from the get go.
Because he can drop 40 in 30 minutes
You’re not a Nets fan if you still think we should trade Kyrie for dEpTh and pIcKs.
People like you have no idea how good these players are and what they mean to teams 

Nets don’t want picks. They could care less and you will always find depth. Giving up Kyrie would be idiotic and the Nets know it. Their offense is truly unstoppable and everyone being cold in the same game is next to impossible 

Literally some ring chasers either in the buyout market would clear any issue they have. And if that doesn’t happen, it’s guaranteed to happen in the offseason where people will willingly live in New York and win a ring
foh
Stfu casual
Kyrie is going off and helping in these wins. Trading him would be dumb
Lmao you think the Nets shouldn’t at least TRY with KD+Harden+Kyrie?

If it fails it fails and you can reevaluate next offseason. But Id never want to miss the opportunity that this could be something truly historically great.
Nobody really wanted kyrie before when he had all that drama surrounding him, but it'd be interesting to see if there will be potential trades now that he's putting up insane numbers. But I highly doubt they even trade him away. Unless a team gives up a star big man, I actually think it's safer to keep the offensive star power than to significantly reduce offense for a marginal increase in defense.
I mean harden led the league in assists on the rockets without a loaded team and was putting up big assist numbers before being on the nets. He can put up 10+ assist basically every night if he wants regardless of who’s on his team, he’s just taking less shots now and focusing more on getting people involved and it’s showed because as a facilitator this season he’s on a different level from anyone in the league
Harden is averaging 12 with 24 points. Kidd is getting like 10/10 on this team
harden averaged 11 assists per game in houston too.
deoends if by passinh they mean playmaking

being a giftrd passer but only a solid scorer means no mattwe how smart you are, there is a linit to how many assists can you generate
And also our bench guys were trying to tie the NBA record for 3s.
Naw this guys is bitching about the bench this entire post, but if you watched this game, and honestly ever since the Pacers game, the Nets bench has played really well when the game was actually competitive.

They just let up a big run in garbage time because they were going for the NBA record for 3's, and Walton didn't put in his garbage time players for one reason or another. Maybe we need 1 more big guy, but honestly unless someone great pops up on the buyout market (which is pretty unlikely), I kinda like the team as is, especially since they're finally starting to build some continuity, and shots for guys like Shamet/Johnson/TLC are finally starting to fall instead of being straight bricks.
No he'd be just as bad as DJ. Whiteside had a good game cause DJ doesn't try lmao.
Happy to give him to BKN for something reasonable. He's not gonna do anything for us this season :)
Yes,he's stopped forcing shots as much and is playing within the offence more. His defence is getting better too.
Most people scoff at the notion that Harden is better than Curry.
[deleted]
I’d say both Steph and Harden are better players than Kawhi but maybe that’s just me
I know kawhi has 2 FMVP but honestly I think he's underneath steph, harden and giannis.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah depth will be an issue but the top is heavy as fuck lol. Cant play the Kings every night hopefully they can get better bench play going forward.
Why is this a shocking win for the nets? We should win games like we just did all the time. This is a easy w in my opinion. Idk wby in getting down voted
Meh, never would have taken Dame as we had Dwill and it was reported they wanted Thomas Robinson who later joined the team and flamed out. The Boston picks hurt, but it brought us Sean Marks.

Never forget that Marshon to Gerald Green windmill alleyoop tho.
If we want to get technical we traded the Markelle Fultz pick to Boston which they subsequently sent to Philly for the 3rd pick (Tatum) and a future first.
I swear Thorn saw him ball out for Seattle in the playoffs that one year and had his mind made up
Johnson actually shot well tonight.
It's coaching. Cory Joseph is not only Luke Walton's go to guy, he plays an absurd amount of minutes despite being literally bottom 20 in the league amongst players who play more than 10 minutes a game. But he gets like 20+ a game and he is always a complete black hole. Too slow on defense to stop any kind of remotely quick defender, too small to guard slow but taller guards, cannot keep ahead of his man at all and he shuffles his feet in this way that he can never not run into his man when they stop. He also cannot fucking score at all. 

Yet Luke LOVES playing him. Same as when he played Ariza 22+ minutes a game.
Facts, the wizards game still gives me nightmares
It was always the rockets problem during our run 

Blow out but harden and pj had to be out there in late games or the team would just get run on. Always thought we had the worst garbage time lineup in the league

Now we just have the worst regular line up
True
It's not inflating. That's just how bad our bench is. This is what every team will do without one of the big 3 on the court. 

Any lineup combination of fucking TLC Shamet Johnson Brown Green Jordan is going to get absolutely decimated on both ends of the court. Absolutely no playmaking and minimal (just Brown really) defense.

It's a serious issue with this team, there is no such thing as garbage time. These guys will never get those easy 29 min games because the team cannot function at all without at least one of them out there.
Harden has had KD beat in offensive impact even before his trade to Brooklyn. By pretty much all offensive impact metrics Harden has. been better. ORaptor ORPM OEPM
KD def does bring that defensive value you are talking about. But I honestly don’t believe his defense covers offensive gap of Harden’s playmaking on this squad.
Agreed
Kds a terrible defender for his height. He's too slow to guard the perimeter and too weak to guard the paint. His length makes him a good shot blocker but other than that he's basically a everyone's mismatch. Defensive impact metrics have him breaking even defensively on Brooklyn.
Lol, some of these eye test dudes have nothing to rely on except “it’s KD” or “stop it” Durant hasn’t been better than Harden especially on the offensive side of the ball.
Hmm thinking about it, I think in pretty much all the games they have played together or at least most(especially against good teams)  Harden is always the one who stands out the most. But honestly Kyrie is prolly having the best offensive season of his careeer so he’s been no slouch. oRPM, oRaptor, have Harden ahead of Kyrie. But EPM has them neck and neck with Kyrie slightly ahead. This is all of course with Harden well.... I guess sandbagging in Houston(though I still don’t really know if he was. But I think we can both agree that a lot of these games there have been times when KD has been their 3rd best player.
Nope.
Honestly with the way he's been playing, it's not that crazy.

Harden is still scoring at a decent clip and very high efficiency, but he's blowing everyone else out of the water in playmaking right now in the entire league.
Stop what? You guys give KD accolades for what he is and not for what he does.
To be fair Harden once dropped 60 in 3 quarters against Atlanta
And be +5
Depth is gonna get us rings this season, not being top heavy with no bench.
Kyrie was +5 in a game where we once lead by almost 30. Meanwhile that same game Harden was +33. I think Kyrie is great and super efficient but what's the point if he's just gonna give it up on the other end.
Harden’s efficiency is literally off the charts too, like miles better than Kidd. Harden this year has been glorious to watch, incredibly efficient scoring paired with just godly facilitating, dude is just dropping dimes left and right like every game, shit is awesome.
I was going to say that too. I felt we should have put Harris in for TLC lol he would have cooked in garbage time. He had a off game
I definitely think you need a big who can be a body and play some decent defense, DJ is just super washed now and doesn’t even provide decent defense. but outside of that I think you guys will be fine
Nah our bench is like that. They are playing and shooting great as of late but without a superstar on the court they still look lost.
Ehh when the game was actually competitive Whiteside had a good game because DJ did try this game haha. He helped when Fox or Cory Joseph or whoever drove and all our wings were too small to even get into Whiteside's eyeline when the Kings missed. The majority of Whiteside's buckets though were floaters in garbage time and no one was contesting those.
[deleted]
I would say they are neck and neck in scoring really, Harden is just WAY more prolific.
Yea ima have to disagree on that one chief, maybe I could slide him under harden and Curry, it’s close but I think he edges them out. Giannis however I can’t put above none of those guys.
ah yes the years Curry won his MVPs including one unanimous but Harden was better.
And yet you are so bothered by him lmao. You think he's trash and you can't stop thinking about him unprompted, tragic.
No one in this thread is shocked
I know we wouldn't have ended up with those literal players but just hilariously lopsided when you look at it retrospectively. Billy King could have drunkenly used an online trade generator and made better deals than what he actually did. 

Oh man, Nets great Gerald Green. I remember that exact dunk, crazy shit.
>Never forget that Marshon to Gerald Green windmill alleyoop tho.

I was actually there for that game with my dad. Craziest thing I've ever seen in a game in person, easily. Nothing comes close
The rockets bench reaction is the 2nd best thing in that video lol
Nets would have drafted Harrison Barnes if they still had that 1st since Robinson was already drafted.


Nets were in real bad shape at the SF position at the time. Statistically it was like playing 4vs5 the SF Depth was so bad. 


Still a dumb trade since they should have made it Top 10 Protected at minimum since Wallace was an expiring player who’s stats were progressively falling off and needed a new contract that offseason. It was a shortened season and Nets were already out of the Playoffs when the trade happened.


The real interesting thing would have been if the Warriors decided to draft the hometown player in Lillard if the Nets drafted Harrison Barnes.


At that time Steph was still seen as a injury prone PG and hadn't taken his game to an MVP level yet. Warriors could have ran Curry-Lillard-Klay from the PG-SF position which would have been insane especially with Green as good as he was earlier in his career.


$ probably wouldn’t have worked for Durant since the Warriors let Harrison Barnes walk to make that happen  and idk if they let Lillard walk.
the fact they didnt even entertain having Dame around to push Deron or to use in a better trade was the most damning part. Strickland played behind Jackson, KJ played behind Price, Nash played behind Kidd, Dragic played behind Nash, Bledsoe and Collison played behind Paul(two different times), Curry played behind Law IV for goodness sakes
Anytime Joe Harris inbounds the ball I get war flashback dog’d
Uhh you did see that the Kings kept in a lot of actual players still instead of sending out their garbage time players. Obviously they're gonna be better. 

Also do you how hard it is to have an adequate bench when you have 3 max players? Like the Durant Warriors and the Heatles had a revolving door of role players who were all pretty mediocre to straight up bad outside of like a couple solid complementary pieces.

The bench tonight played really well tonight outside of garbage time. Kings went on a big run because they had a bunch of starters still in and Joseph hit like 3 3's in a row, while our garbage unit was ripping 3's 6 seconds into the shot clock trying to break the NBA record.

Bitching about the bench because they let the Kings try hard in the last 3 minutes of a game where they're down 26, while our bench thoroughly dominated theirs when the game was actually competitive seems weird, I dunno.
& I literally could care less about those metrics. They mean nothing in reality. RPM has Zion better defensively than Giannis. Raptor is a metric made by a guy whose has watched maybe 10 basketball games in his career.  KD’s on/off Ortg is the highest on the team. He leads them in overall net impact at +9 too. That’s with harden feasting on bench units while KD plays against starters
The thing is we have offensive talent in spades, even without Harden we drop 130-140 easy. Sure the buckets don't come as easy, but considering we still have Kyrie and KD, who are willing playmakers and bonkers shot makers, the offense is always humming. Our defense though.... Yea it has a lot of its ups and downs (mostly downs so far in this young season).
KD's actually been pretty great on the perimeter this year. I'm pretty sure he's ranked the best 1 on 1 defender on opponent FG %. Also outside of like Embiid and Giannis, which in both matchups we put DeAndre on, who in the East is gonna overpower him in the paint...

I feel like you've watched approximately zero Durant games if you think he's everyone's mismatch. Literally zero teams we've faced so far have hunted KD on the defensive end outside of the Bucks game where they were attacking him because he was in foul trouble.

Also if KD's defensive impact metrics are breaking even so far on what has been an absolutely rotten defensive start for the Nets, that's amazing.
>Kds a terrible defender


>Defensive impact metrics have him breaking even
He is better than Harden I don't know what to say
he was definitely sandbagging. first game of the season he dropped 44/17
The only game he tried in Houston he put up 44/17. Then he just coasted and lobbed it to wood every possession but put up just enough shots to not tank his trade value. On judging Harden's 2021 season I would just throw out every Houston game but the opener tbh cause thats obviously not motivated Harden. This is motivated Harden
A big reason KD is considered their best player, though, is imo that what he does works equally well against any quality of opposition. He is unguardable.

Kyrie and Harden are incredible but they're more reactive. What they do depends on what deficiencies the defense has, whereas KD basically does what he wants to anyone.

So KD might be third best in regular season, but everyone knows he's just a ridiculous asset in a close playoff series, whereas Kyrie or Harden could conceivably be sort of nullified by the right person/strat
It’s the truth bro. All the offensive impact metrics have Harden ahead.
“and not for what he does” i’m not about to argue kevin durant’s career with you.
Both are true
the real answer to this question is because KD signed in large part bc of Kyrie
The bench never play as much in the playoffs anyways

Starter minutes should increase, lot of people were complaining about Coach Bud last year for not doing that.
This is because Harden is an incredible facilitator and can run an offense effectively even when on the court with these other scrubs like TLC and Shamet. Kyrie is not capable of that. 

But fucking stupid to downplay Kyries contribution.
Using +/- to make your case is really laughable
Yea we mainly just need health, a chance for some continuity, and maybe trade a couple 2nd rounders for McGee.
Makes sense though no, we got guys that can shoot the ball and (try to) defend. Most teams benches look lost without any starters in, especially teams where like 90% of the cap is wrapped up in their studs. Like even the Lakers when AD was out look kinda shit when LeBron sits, and they have two previous 6MOY candidates.

Think we would've been fine if our bench wasn't gunning for the 3 PT record, it led to quick bricks and long rebounds, and like RJ mentioned during the broadcast the Kings try and turn every miss into a fast break opportunity. I said this in another comment but this happened vs the Knicks this season too, where a garbage time lead got almost dicey, and it's because we played a young team where the coach is trying to make a point or something and playing the full 48 minutes instead of throwing in the towel, which to me isn't really a worry.

It definitely isn't gonna make me think our bench is shit or "shameful", especially since they're finally playing well when the game is actually a game. Like the bench is shit if they're not showing effort, bricking open shots, not communicating on defense, turning over the ball a lot (which they have done a lot), but now that they're actually clicking, letting up a 10-0 run to a try harding Kings with like a minute and a half left and a 28 point lead isn't really a big deal.
I wouldn't say it's one sided, but if anyone just automatically assumes curry's better than harden, they clearly don't watch the games. The only reason it's a tough comparison is cuz Harden has much better players around him, otherwise Harden's better.
[deleted]
Yeah, no. Harden is clearly the better scorer.
Nice unanimous MVP who wasn't even the best warriors player in the 2016 finals, draymond was lmao.
Lol why you so sensitive about it. Not everyone has to love your fav player lol
I can absolutely bitch about our bench when they give up a fucking 11-0 run in like a minute and a half. This is the NBA. You cannot be that fucking incompetent. 

We had damn near a 30 point lead halfway thru the 4th and had to get Kyrie off the bench to come save the team. Ridiculous. This is a guy who's known to be injury prone and we cannot even give him a full quarter off with a 30 point lead. 

Comparing this bench to the Heat/Warriors bench is silly. Those guys at least brought some defensive intensity. This group is slow and undersized with no playmaking or defense. They contribute absolutely nothing without the big 3 on the court to get them easy open looks.
> Raptor is a metric made by a guy whose has watched maybe 10 basketball games in his career

This is the dumbest thing I've read in a long time, holy shit.
What? They  are literally some of the best metrics we have to evaluate offense. You are using ad hominem to discredit the dude who made RAPTOR with “eye test” nonsense.That’s why I used the offensive numbers dude because defensive analytics are flawed. Dude Ortg is not something you use to evaluate individual players they are completely lineup dependent same with net rating. The stats I’ve given you take lineups out of the equation to give you a comprehensive picture of their impact. Dude Durant plays WITH Irving against his lineups. He would never be able to carry lineups against bench units Harden can do both. And this is all with Harden sandbagging in Houston. Oh yea Harden also has a higher bpm than Durant too btw :).
Without Harden you guys had one of the best offenses in the league, with him you statistically have the best offense ever, it matters dude. Your defense wasn’t even that good before getting Harden. It has less to do with KD(or JHarden)because well Harden missed the Wizards game and they still score like 140 pints or something. You guys probably need one wing and a big at the trade deadline.
He's never not broken even in his career. Was speaking in the contest of players his height in general. Guards will absolutely take him if they can and in the paint he's going to really struggle when dealing with other stronger players of his height. I'm not saying he's a terrible defender. But he is for is height. People just assume because he's 7 foot that he's on par with kg or something
'kds a terrible defender for his height" stupid
This is what I thought
If you don't know what to say then how can you hold that opinion? Makes no sense.
Yea I’m a Rockets fan, I guess I was just trying to give him the benefit of the doubt he didn’t deserve.lol
I mean not that I’m necessarily disagreeing with you but KD’s playoff numbers have a drop off as well. He really started popping off in the playoffs once he was on GS where he really benefited from Curry’s gravity. Whereas Harden has been a constant focal points of defenses for a long time. With his most recent post season being his most efficient yet. The Lakers doubled Harden and that worked because Westbrook was on the floor. I’m not sure what teams can actually do anymore now that these guys are playing together. Most likely nothing.
Regardless of who you take, this is about who is the best player right now. Their careers are largely irrelevant.
Well the numbers don’t agree with you, I’m sorry but that’s the truth. You literally came with nothing except “stop it.”
+/- is the most telling stat of a game.
You seem to ignore the fact that Harden has shot on a much higher volume than Curry in recent years.... Curry had diminished shot attempts due to playing with Kevin Durant, an all time great scorer, and a all time great shooter in Klay Thompson.
Agree to disagree
Nah I think it's funny that absolutely nobody was thinking or posting about Steph and you brought him up unprompted. Hence "rent free", because it's true lol.
Did you watch this game? Shamet and Johnson were throwing up 3's to try and break the record every single possession and none of the garbage time Kings players were in.

Also 11-0 runs happen even when starting line ups are in, hell we just watched the Kings give up a 20-0 run.

Like you realize when the game was actually a game the Nets bench was actually good right (and has been since the Pacers game)? Also this has happened like once before. Vs the Knicks. Who we were also blowing out. The thing in common is opposing coaches being hard asses and instead of throwing in the towel, forcing their young players to play the game out 48 minutes as some sort of lesson or something. This is literally something we don't ever have to worry about. Also it's not like Kyrie was running around exerting effort, he walked the ball up to half court, got double teamed, and passed it to Shamet.

Uhh did you watch the Durant Warriors or Heatles? The Warriors had Dray and Iggy, then straight garbage, guys like Bell, McKinnie, Jerebko, Quinn Cook. Did you watch the Finals two years ago, once Klay and KD went down the Raptors ran a box and one because the other Warriors were such garbage and thats WITH Steph and Dray on the floor.

The Heatles had like Battier and Allen, but the rest was garbage, they brought Birdman out of retirement, James Jones and Mike Miller who literally could only shoot 3's, nothing else, Rashard Lewis who wasn't shit without PEDs.
Who cares? Come playoff time none of the third stringers will play. We'll barely have an 8 man rotation. Same as everyone else.
He disagrees with advanced stats so therefore they must be wrong
Before the trade he barely played with Kyrie in his lineup apart from the first two games lmao
It's kind of a cop out to say this but that Wiz game was kinda an anomaly. Yea our defense is bad, but Westbrook doesn't have those kinda games even vs the few teams that have worse defenses then us. He just goes ham vs KD. Like those Cavs game we initially lost, yea Sexton went nuts, but a big difference especially in games that close was Prince having his best games all season. Coincidently Prince was garbage with us unless we were playing the Hawks, (Prince is now once again playing like garbage vs other teams).

Yea we probably need a few more pieces, but I don't think anything too big. Our closing line up is definitely gonna be Harden-Kyrie-Harris-KD-Green for every single team except the Sixers where we'll swap Green for DeAndre.
Lol I've never seen anyone compare KD to KG defensively. KG was a god tier defender. KD is fine, more of a wing defender that happens to be 7 foot. KG was a PF/C
Who... who compares him to KG haha

I dunno you saying "he's basically a everyone's mismatch" sure sounds like you're saying he's a terrible defender. I dunno, I've watched him all year and he's been long enough to bother quick guards when he gets past him, and when he's matched up with another tall ass dude that's not Embiid or Giannis under the paint he hasn't look outmatched. Especially in the East, he's chilling.
That still doesn’t make sense lol. There aren’t many good 6’11 players guarding the perimeter. He’s probably the best at that height.
It's satire
Yeah I hope so! Bit of a weird start for the team though - I don't know whether to be hyped that they seem to win every game they're "up for", or concerned that they keep losing so many games.
Uh no its not. They played him with a bunch of other guards as well so they were getting scored on. Not all of it is kyries head lol. It's not the most telling stat, in fact it's outdated and most people will agree with me. Trading Kyrie would upset both harden and KD lol so there's no point
Lmfao casual
[deleted]
Honestly idt curry would hold up taking the shots and carrying the massive load for multiple seasons, doubt he be as efficient either. One of the best things about harden is his ability to carry teams hardcore and hold up physically, don’t think anyone other than prime bron could carry a team like harden is recent years.
And Harden was still outperforming offensively while sandbagging in Houston.
I’m sorry man but they are bottom 20 in offense this season. There is no reason for them to put almost 150 on you guys. Russ went 4-7 but Bertrans was like 3-12 and the Wizards shot like 30% from 3 as a whole. Their 3 pointers were not the main problem there. KD defensive  impact is really overstated man. Y’all need just one more mobile big and you are set. 

I fire sure agree with this second paragraph though.
Hyperbole my g. I didn't actually think people thought kd was as good as the best defender of all time
He breaks even. He always does. So does Steph curry. They're equal level defenders independent of their position. Which is pretty terrible considering his height.
Giannis and ad are on an entire other level to him on the perimeter. Lile not even vaguely close. Most 6 11 players tend not to guard the perimeter though. They guard the paint. My point was he lacks the defensive strength common with players of his height that make them such a powerful paint presence. But he still had the defensive liabilities that come with the height like shitty perimeter guarding.
Oh my bad🤣
The defense will be a problem but I would like to wait and see until after the trade deadline/buy out market.
I also don’t care if you think Harden is better Curry, as I said...it’s cases for both. I just think they are tied, so you are kinda giving me a pointless argument
Tf....so now we’re branching the argument into who is more durable??? As in durable against injuries? Because that is a weird argument to make.. if you think Harden is better than Curry that’s fine😂 I don’t think either are better or worse than the other
To you maybe. And good thing defense matters right?
I'm pretty sure the Wizard got hit with the rona the hardest (as well as spread it the hardest throughout the league it seems like) so the majority of those stats aren't really accurate seeing half of their team wasn't playing.

Seems kinda disingenuous to just say Russ went 4-7 from 3, not that he went for 41-8-10 shooting 58% from the floor, by far the best game of the season for him haha

Yea I'd like to trade 2 second round picks to Cleveland for McGee.
Giannis literally gets beat every time on the perimeter by guards and you’re hilarious if you think Durant isn’t a better perimeter defender than AD. Good day.
A problem to what extent, though?

Reasonable predictions seem to vary from them being obvious favourites to win the east, to they're outsiders to even make the conference final.
Signed Andre Roberson apparently, you reckon that's noteworthy?
I mean you were the one making cases for Curry so I was doing the same, lol.
You're saying Harden has a higher volume, but you act like Curry can run that same system when he's not nearly the playmaker Harden did not have close the help curry did. Harden was averaging 30+ and was top 3 seed.
Yea it does, KD def has value( but i don’t think that his impact there means he’s better than Harden who can play good defense when it matters.
The Wizards have been a bottom offense in the league for the past 10 games now man. They are what they are. And that is not a good defensive team. 

Yes but why do you think that was? Westbrook redid what ever he wanted in the paint? He was blowing by all of your guys and made a living at the rim(and that includes KD). They shit 30% from 3 as a whole, their average is 30.  KD impact on that end is overstated. 

That’s a good trade.
Eh really just the Lakers imo but that does matter haha.
If he’s not washed then absolutely.
if people left roberson wide open when he played with westbrook and 3 other non-shooters, i can't wait to see the defenses when he's on the court with harden, KD, and kyrie.  i honestly think a wide open 3 or wide open 3 that he turns down for a drive is an enormous win for your defense if the alternative is a shot by the big 3 or harris.  i might not put anybody even between him and the basket just to bait him into a drive.
I never made any real cases for Curry, the only thing I said was that Curry had diminished shot attempts....i literally stated I thought they were even, or did you just ignore that? You’re the one who started the Harden is better than Curry talk, I simply stated they were even....
Nobody is talking about when it matters. KD can score 50 "when it matters" but that's not the point. Harden plays defense in 1/5 defensive possessions and off the ball he might the worst defender I've seen, certainly the laziest. Offensive production comes hand in hand with role, and KD is still the better player.
Westbrook ate Kyrie alive that game. Man had a point to prove. He was hitting his signature bank mid ranger all game more than relying on his athleticism, and from the Wizards game I've caught so far it seems like he's doing that far more than usual, which is maybe why he has so many off nights when his shots not on.

Yea I dunno what to tell you. I watch every Nets game, the difference when we have a 7 footer who can help rebound and plays a semblance of help defense, which are two things we lack deeply, and when we don't is very apparent. Especially considering the Nets defense is to switch everything. KD's impact on a good defensive team might be overstated, like that bogus DPOY campaign when he was on the Warriors, but on a bad defensive team, yea we need him a lot, and just because the Wizards went off on us doesn't mean KD's impact is overstated imo.

Well at least up until the Pistons loss we really needed him, which is when Jeff Green apparently had a serious talk with the team, and the team actually now tries a tad on the defensive end, not lock down or anything, but just enough where we get stops to allow our overpowered offense to get a double digit lead, then we coast again lol.
[deleted]
Uhh what? Dude is playoff scoring numbers go down in the playoffs too so he def doesn’t do it when it matters all the time. KD is lazy on defense too, he’s an overstated defender. The Wizards put up 150 on him and Kyrie. His impact on that end isn’t as great as you think and it certainly isn’t enough to cover the gap with Harden’s playmaking imo.
I watched Westbrook highlights from that game man, it wasn’t the mid range banker he hit whatever he wanted at the rim at will. 

I have watched every game since the Harden trade as well. I agree he has value but the extent to which it matters is kinda my point.  It’s positive but it’s not game changing. The Wizards putting 150 on them while Westbrook effortlessly got to the rim proves my point. It’s having a big man that can rim protect is the real issue there. DJ is kinda cooked right now. Also one more wing defender. 

I hope that strategy works lol. Rooting for you guys.
“There's really ppl who think Curry is better than Harden lmao” 

This is literally what you said dude.........I replied to it stating that I thought they were even and that I could see cases for thinking one is better than the other.

But I’m being passive aggressive? You’re literally trying to pretend like you weren’t the one who sparked the convo? But yes it all started with me😂 The dude who said they were even
> Dude is playoff scoring numbers go down in the playoffs too so he def doesn’t do it when it matters all the time

You're going to bring up his OKC scoring efficiency being on par with Harden's in the Rockets, despite the fact that he had no spacing and no shooters there I presume. 

> The Wizards put up 150 on him and Kyrie

Our defense in general is ass but KD is an All-NBA 2nd team defense calibre player, probably snubbed for the past 3 years. He's averaging 0.7/1.4 for steals and blocks respectively whilst he is an engaged on/off ball defender. Best defender on our team and also leads the league in lowest opponent FG% when personally guarded.

> His impact on that end isn’t as great as you think and it certainly isn’t enough to cover the gap with Harden’s playmaking imo.

We averaged 26 assists as a team before we got Harden, we now average 27. In that period, you saw KD have high assist games because of the role he was asked to do. KD is a better passer than Harden is a defender.
Bruh let it go. You've already stated that you aren't anymore so why still bother? lol
He had Russel Westbrook there... for literally all of his prime. Serge Ibaka, Kevin Martin. Steven Adams, Andre Roberson....etc. He’s had way more help than Harden has in his careeer. The spacing wasn’t amazing but you guys had defensive studs there  And lol it’s not like the Rockets had good spacing either, by the time they did KD was already in GS. 

Those are literally meaningless numbers like XD FG% and blocks and steals are fine but don’t really encapsulate what you are as a defender. Like he was never all nba Calibur defense on any level. That’s just factually incorrect. 

So what? Their offensive efficiency got better. They are all time level good with Harden. Not all passes are created equal he can’t give dudes the type of looks Harden can(that’s why Harden’s impact metrics are higher). No.... like not at all. When Harden tries he’s way closer. KD will never be on Harden’s level as a playmaker.
You’re a funny guy, you accuse me of starting the convo and once I prove to you that i didn’t, NOW you want me to let it go. Ok I will, have a good night tho brother😂
Game couldn't have gone any better for the Nets. Kyrie and Harden are just so damn good, so efficient. Kyrie especially has been on a hell of a streak of games.
57/42/87 shooting splits for the Nets. Fucking hell.
Nets had 9 players in double digits... dang
we sure are good at putting the ball in the basket

also, shoutout Reggie Perry for his first career double double
“You wanna know how we win... triple the offense!”

-Michael Andrew D’Antoni & Stephen John Nash
Theo had a great game, all that matters to me. Gg.
Harden is very good at basketball.
Dort got Hardened this time around but who cares

THEO MALEDON BREAKOUT PARTY
What is this defense thing the commentators talked about at one point?
I love Harden
**147 points**.

This ties a franchise record for most points in a regulation length game, a record held without peer since April 1982 (nearly 40 years!).

No KD.  9 Nets in double figures.  Harden triple double.  Hell, our 57th pick rookie, Perry, had a double double!  We still can't defend, but fuck it, *just score more points!*

Offense go brrrr!

*Let's Go Nets!*

**BROOKLYN!!!!!!!!!!!!**
Bruce Brown is the MVP.

Also Harden had 10 assists and 1 turnover. He's getting that chemistry. I love it.
I honestly think the Nets will hit 150+ points in regulation with KD sometime during this season. And I can't wait to see it
Maledon looks like a good player (regardless of him going 100/100 from three). Makes the right plays. Doesn’t do too much. The thunder have some interesting pieces. Diallo looks to have completely reshaped his jumper. 

Good win
Kyrie, Harden and KD are the engine of our team, but god damn Joe Harris is the motor oil that keeps everything going so much smoother. 

Getting that many people in double digits is great, but I also loved how we got players like green and brown so involved using back door cuts. Just a really diverse offense rn
we stopped trying to play defense after going up 20
9 Players with 10+ points for the nets, damn
Bench showed up, can't believe it !
turns out doubling the offense scales better than halving the defense
At least we kept KD scoreless
What’s a Dort to a Brown?
Bruce Brown
idk who that maledon guy is but he sure knows how to make the ball go in the hoop
Trade KD for depth and a big
Nets just made offense look way too easy. 9 players with 10+ points.
thunder and losing at home. name a better duo lmao.

fr tho brooklyn has so many offensive threats it's straight up unfair. i kinda wanna see okc trade hill just so theo could get his well-deserved minutes already. 

also, i said this in okc game thread but i'll say it here too: it's good that dort had an off-night just so y'all expectations of him can slow down a little and let him develop in his own pace without all this pressure.

gg nets. i hope we never play you guys ever again.
Nice and easy win. No heart attack tonight, good job Nets
Didn't understand why Kyrie was playing when the Nets were leading by 24 with 4 minutes remaining but thankfully Kyrie stayed strong
Did Brooklyn have 5 prime steph currys playing against us wtf
Kyrie is a magician. 

I swear to god if he wasn’t so controversial off the court this sub would treat him like a god.
Harden puttin up insane assist numbers, def think he’ll lead the league for the 2nd time in his career. Dude looks amazing tho for the nets, fantastic facilitating and super efficient scoring.
> WhaT iF hAvInG tOO MaNY GooD oFFEnsiVe PLayErS mEAnS The NeTS wILl Be bAd oN OFfEnSe
DeAndre finding a way to still finish -5
Harden is a PF?
33 assists tonight. People really thought we would have no ball movement lol
Nets just broke 140 in regulation without breaking a sweat
The Nets bench finally showed up
https://youtu.be/q0o0ufkhG10
Good L.
We gave Bruce Brown away for free lol
I really hope we get a nets Lakers finals
TAKES FROM GAME
- harden triple double
- perry's surprising double double
- nets bench flexed their muscle
- you couldnt defend 2 how the hell will you defend all three?
Last but not the least
- every team nets defeat is a G-league team according to LAKERS, really their saltiness has no bound.
Watch the Narrative shift: KD is the problem, trade him for a Big and a 3D guy
Lol not a single soul in this thread questions "power forward James Harden"
It’s just like I said when this trip started, if they’re going to give up 130 points all they have to do is score more than 130 points to win the game.  Easy.
RIP Dort’s 3PT%
JAMES FUCKING HARDEN
If Kyrie had been the one resting 
 this win out, a bunch of people would have been in the comment section talking about this is evidence that the Nets don't need Kyrie ans that he's toxic to the team's chemistry bla bla bla.
God damn
All we needed was to bench kd to blowout teams. Who knew?
scary hours boys
If the nets get a bench this year, they might get a chip.
Even generational defender Dort couldn't slow down the Nets tonight!!!
Dort deactivated
Score gets higher and higher every game
147-125 in regulation?
If Utah a self built team can beat this monster of the nets I will be so happy as a hoops fan. Lakers were fun, w's played fun smart hoops but jaz being self built winners would be awesome. You go saxophone bois
[deleted]
Damn near everyone who suited up for the Nets were in double figures.   That's wild.

If they figure this out, Lakers in 5
I wonder how long it takes before all the hot take people in the Cleveland game threads admit that it’s moronic to overreact to a single regular season game. The Nets are an elite team. Especially because they are in the East, they are a serious contender
Lol dort my ass.
lol DAJ had a negative +/-
OKC, This could have been you.
Best offense ever?
Nets game final scores always in the 120s, 30s, and 40s lmao. No D played
Nets offense is crazy but they're in shootouts every game it feels like
[deleted]
Nash really had Kyrie play 34 mins in a blowout with more mins than James Harden. Bro kyrie shoulda sat out the 4th. Dude is fragile as glass
His scoring is never in question. But when he’s involving other people like he has the past few games he’s on another level.
They need 2 pieces off the buyout market and they're gonna be *spooky*.
What is a shooting splits ?
I’ve heard Drummond wants a buyout?
Nash and the Tony Brothers.
Probably one of if not the steal of this draft.
That triple double with 1 TO is sexy as hell.
A week ago I was informed that he was washed.
Guys realistically what can we do going forward to complete the team in the upcoming draft? What positions/profiles/players would you target?
When you foul your opponent and make him take free throws.
So do we
Your offense is your defense at that point. If a team can't match pace, they are screwed
I honestly wouldn’t be surprised if we break this before the next two years are up. If KD was playing we probably would have tonight.
What a great Friday night win, that must feel amazing lol
The defense wasn't bad at times. But then we'd have Harden not contest 3s, DeAndre defending Horford's 3pt shots while standing in the paint, dudes just hitting tough shots. Honestly, defense was pretty solid.
Nash, Stoudemire and D’Antoni. Just score more than the other guys. This is the way.
brrrrrrroooklyn
Wizards taking notes.

But seriously this is just a super maxed out version of the wizards lmao. Triple the offense with half the defence.
Basically that is the strategy. Defense! Shit... just more offense. They bet that can put the ball in the basket more than you. Turns out they are right. The nets cannot be guarded. They just need a high energy functional big not named Deandre and they are stomping everyone in the east. They will just score more. Simple as that.
Get my boy Harden a ring please
Love the dudes hustle
Prob will multiple times. I am waiting for the night we have like 110 points from the 3 of them. 

That's like two of them scoring 35 and one of them hitting 40 points. That doesn't even sound too hard. It's crazy
Yep, also shoutout to Shamet for getting back on track
I love Joe. Perfect complementary piece to have next to 3 stars. Also he’s so underrated defensively too.
And the underrate Bruce Brown speed things along nicely
They're continually learning how to make the offense work with effectively a brand new team, which is great.

I just really hope something can be done about the defense.
The straw that stirs the drink. Draymond is similar on the warriors. Not that they play the game the same way at all, but just the piece that perfectly fits between the stars.
In the middle of the game while reading her book, my wife looks up and goes "why do they keep calling that guy a 'dork'?" and I bust a guy laughing.
in the words of the great Kendrick Perkins 'trade kyrie for jj redick and josh hart'
You guys actually shot better from 3 though lol
[deleted]
nah just 1 prime harden
Lmao
I first noticed him the first time in the 2015 finals, thinking "damn that Cavs guy that's not LeBron is really fun to watch." He's since cemented himself as the most aesthetically pleasing game in NBA in my books.
they constantly shit on kyrie for some silly thing he said years ago(which he apologized for), while they go listen to Joe Rogan or their favorite youtube reactionary say and do all sorts of dumb things.
This sub has a hate boner for him, literally you’d get a thousand upvotes if you said something like “Man Lebron really the GOAT cause he won a chip with this bum.” Just because he missed four games like he wasn’t balling in the finals against the Dubs. And every time someone would mention that he was great during the finals he would get downvoted as hell.
Hes not even controversial he just does genuinely baffling shit.
Between flat earth and the recent hiatus, I have 0 respect for the man. Awesome player, but not intelligent enough to earn society's respect.
There's only 1 ball!

Oh shit, they put it through the hoop multiple times. *I hadn't considered that...*
Lol, he checks in and you can count on a Horford three coming within two possessions
After the summer of 2015 and then his uninspired half season with us, this brings me an inordinate amount of joy.
“ThErEs OnLy OnE bAlL” people said about a team with 3 dudes who’ve thrived playing with other ball dominant stars.

Get my dudes a lob threat that can play even a lacroix esque amount of interior defense and they’re 3 peating.
What's the last take from? I haven't heard that one
No
Sure ill dort your ass
Honestly this version of Harden is much harder to guard. Way less stationary and less predictable.

Not a whole lot of 1 on 1 vs dort.
Maledon drank all his special stuff
Goddamn y’all been waiting for him to have a shit game.  Mother fucker is in his second year he can have a bad one and still be everything people are seeing in him.
We play situational D on important possessions. We don’t play D for 48 minutes. Not capable of it. Other than the 2OT game against the Cavs it’s worked out well for us.
We won by 23
I wouldn't call a 22 point win a shootout lol
Every time I see you you're hating on Dort. Get a life.
How much is Wiggins paid and how many years he been playing ?  I too would hope he could live up to the undrafted second year player.
I guess he didn't want to take risks with the bench and no creator. But he still swapped them out way too late
Were dudes born in 98 even legally allowed to have sex yet or what?
I mean when you see how Kyrie contorts his body almost every other play, that’s a lot of strain on the body.
Harden was in foul trouble. He had 4 in the 3rd. Pretty sure Nash wanted to save him in case the Thunder came back.
A wing like Ariza and a big would be nice.
give us PJ Tucker pls
Russell Westbrook and Ibaka would fit perfectly...
[deleted]
FG/3PT/FT percentages
It's percentage of players who can stretch their legs deep while getting a shot off.
Lol you’ve heard that from nets fans. He hasn’t expressed any desire
I definitely think he'll make a big difference, particularly in the rebounding category. His defense isnt amazing but there aren't many options that wouldn't be an improvement in that area. The biggest issue is that he'll likely want a bigger role than a backup. Even if that backup role may end up with more total minutes than DJ.
I think his one turnover was Deandre Jordan's fault too or maybe it was Perry
I could’ve sworn he had 2 TO in the 1st quester
Also 9/14 is beautiful
He went from a top 5 player to a washed overrated star I was told last week.
2 weeks ago I was informed he's fat.
We lack depth at power forward and center - our young core just has Bazley and Roby to cover those positions, so a 7 footer like Mobley would be nice.
i’ve seen you comment this in both subs lmao
We need a big guy who can actually play defense and grab rebounds IMO. Roby is nice defensively but man he cant grab a rebound to save his life
Scottie Barnes. Scottie Barnes. Scottie Barnes.
2018 chiefs on steroids
it's crazy to think that I'm today's nba you can score 146 points as a team and still lose the ball game
The best defence is a good offence
They’re not gonna be playing the Thunder in the playoffs
we have the worst offense in the league by a long shot. Us putting up 125 (94 through the 3rd if you wanna eliminate garbage time.) is in no way solid.
fucking finally. i’ve seen him play with clippers & sixers enough to kno that the Shamet we’ve seen in last few games is not the real Shamet
>  Also he’s so underrated defensively too.

Though that's still not saying much lol
Eh he's ok defensively. Still not good but he's not terrible.
His touch around the rim off the roll is suprising. He’s going to make teams pay for putting there weakest defender on him
I will never not need to read that name twice because it’s always Bruce Bowen the first time.
I was watching the thunder stream and they made a great point. 


No preseason, no summer league. Get going, then trade for another star. The Kyrie issue. And after all that, we’ve been able to mesh and bounce back from all of it. 

Nash has been great so far, the defense has a bit to be desired, but that seems to be more of a personnel issue
Bruce needs to start
I can’t tell if Perk had a lobotomy or needs one.
Did he really say that?
This really was one of our best — maybe even our best — offensive performances yet, and you guys somehow made us look like bitches. Scared to think what would’ve happened if KD played.
Nah a “washed” harden.
I mean I understand not liking the disdain for Kyrie but you’re really going out of your way to misrepresent what people trash him for. 

Like yea the flat earth thing happened but brodie has continued to add to his resume and lets not act like he hasn’t. Everyone here acknowledges he’s a phenomenal basketball talent, but when he does things like just up and deciding he wants to take time off without even telling his coach why, we get to look at that and say “hmm, that’s a little odd”. If it had been a “Kyrie doesn’t want us to share” that’s one thing and I think *most* people would understand it, but just going straight up MIA is crazy.
The ✡️🗣 text didn’t help the perception of him
Lmao Rogan would never say the earth is flat and then take himself seriously about it
> “Man Lebron really the GOAT cause he won a chip with this bum.”

Challenge you to try this out because I very much doubt this.  The common consensus is that the guy is not a very good leader and you cannot field a winning team with him as the best player.  And all things considered - his record as the #1 option in Cleveland, Boston and BK, the facts bare this out.  Very few people are saying he's a bum who has to be dragged to success.
Controversial would be people on both sides of an issue he's commenting on. Flat earth? Media peasants?  Along with wealth he has earned a wonderful thing.... delusion
> to earn society's respect.

he doesn't need your respect, he has the respect of many others. the man has done some amazing things to change people lives, with the charity he has done, to the grassroots involvement in the district attorney race in manhattan among other things he is currently doing.
The one he actually contested well horford still drained lol
[deleted]
Javale McGee would actually provide very solid minutes and offensively would be so much more useful next to Harden than on any other team maybe.
Probably lots of hate from insecure Lakers fans
When Nets traded for Harden a lot of fans asked if this Big Three could be considered the favorite to win the championship this year and sensitive Lakers fans laughed it off like it was absurd to even entertain the idea. So some of them always chime in after Nets wins that despite the win they're not worried about this team at all because bad defense, terrible bigs, selfishness, chemistry, just beating bad team.

FWIW, I don't think the Nets are favorites (Lakers are) but Lakers fans did seem to take it very personally when people were debating it.
No, let Dort dort his ass.
We had to run it last year because he didn’t really have a pick and roll partner (blame russ)
Lol every time this game was mentioning OKC fans made it a point to mention how dort was going to lock harden up, funny to see them nowhere now
Y'all made like 40000 jokes about him locking Harden up lmao people are gonna shoot back at him when you hype him up. Natural progression of a guy getting better
I would call being 24th in DRTG being a bad defense which leads to shootouts
Don’t even bother with this nephew. Dort can get crap for a bad game but this dude takes every chance he can to shit on dort and it’s really weird
More than Lu will ever earn
He has James Harden bro. He’s literally a one man offense and is the best iso scorer ever. He isn’t injury prone like Kyrie so kyrie should never play more minutes than Harden. Ever. kyrie gets injured every season so I really don’t get what Nash is thinking
i love how clueless reddit has always been and continues to be about an obvious joke username. It’s Reddit, not LinkedIn find a new slant bud.
kyrie been playing in the clutch the past few games, and nash plays him in a 4th quarter blowout when he has james harden lol. Tom tibbadeu actin azz boutta drose kyrie
Ariza just still out there playing? I thought he's the same age as lebron?>
OKC will trade Ariza for three firsts
It’s gotta be Drummond
u guys desperately need bigs

deandre as a starter is so bad IMO
Give us another pick then
no joke though ibaka would be perfect lol
Imagine if russell westbrook is bought out somehow. Okc 2021 edition.
Putting Kyrie on the market is not popular anywhere except among NBA nephews. Kyrie is the reason KD is here, they're not gonna trade him unless they want to get a shitty reputation with players and agents for doing something like that and Kyrie would probably even threaten to retire or sit out if he got traded somewhere else anyway so no one is even gonna try to trade for him.
Your off base
Ok thank you 🙏
Lol not saying it’s true but no, he’s heard it from NBA Central. 

https://twitter.com/thenbacentral/status/1354444398466125827?s=21
Drummond wouldn’t be backup to DJ
[deleted]
Perry legitimately looks like the worst player on the floor every time he’s out there.
He tried to thread it into kyrie in the post but it was knocked away. A couple plays later he threaded another one in between two defenders doubling him to DJ for the slam. I never thought I’d ever be enthusiastic about watching harden...
1 of those went to Brown even though Harden's pass was off.
A triple double. And? Pfft you act like 25pt on 9/14 is good^^^^/s
He still thicc
For the last 8 years I was informed he’s ruining basketball
[those same people](https://imgur.com/a/3bgHlHx)
You should trade for Adams
I am a bit worried that we aren't going to get high enough picks with Houston and Miami both set to make the playoffs.
Mobley maybe ???
2019 wiz
2018 nuggets say hi. Also, in the 80s and early 90s the scores could get ridiculous.
It was solid, you guys just hit a fuck ton of contested 3s. Plus like all of Horfords points came because deandre didn't even leave the paint to contest his 3pt shots
He had some nice drives to the hoop this game as well
They're cleaning up the one thing I think they really had control over, which is the turnovers. That alone is going to help a lot.

And I agree that the defense is a personnel issue for sure. I just hope they can find someone to fill it.
They also have dantoni lol

No worries on the offensive end whatsoever
How about both?
He thinks LeBron is better than MJ, so even if he’s already had one, give him another one.
yep, on the last podcast that he did with raja bell on the ringer🤡
just b/c he didn't tell people in the media and elsewhere doesn't mean he wasn't in contact with his teammates and management and close friends. They just prefer to keep it in house, so they don't want to talk about it to the media. Now he is back and playing well, and the team is winning, no need to keep dragging this. sometimes you need to step back for self care, for all the BS this sub makes about Kevin Love and mental health, when a player actually steps away to fix things, they sure do love to bash him.
yet hes pretty much a covid denier.
Oh yeah we got the 1-3rd best players in that trade, especially considering Wes and DJ left the Knicks immediately, and even Courtney Lee was friends with Luka so he added to chemistry
Be it McGee, Drummond, whiteside, or whoever once teams have to second guess whether Harden is gonna drive, lob or do a floater it’s OVER. 

Not even accounting for KD/Kye/Harris on the perimeter Harden + Lob threat is an elite offense on its own. People are trying to get their shit talk out now because once the roster fills out with buy out depth you guys are gonna be a juggernaut
it's just the nature of laker fans to be insufferable
No doubt the Russ trade fucked y'all but he's doing most of this with Jeff Green at the 5 who y'all had last year.
Funny for sure hahaha

Now give us your pick and all the $GME you have
You’re right about shoot outs. But I’m interested to see how many teams can hang in 7 shootouts against this team. You can’t stop them from scoring so you’re only option is to outscore. Which maybe tough for some of these veteran teams.
You’d cry yourself to sleep out of joy if you could trade Wiggins for dort
I think Kyrie wants to play a lot of minutes. Post game interview last game he said he’s entering his prime and can handle being out on the court for as many minutes as you need him
I think he's been out for personal reasons with OKC.
I think this is the first time I've seen someone with a Seattle flair mention okc and it not be an insult
How does that happen
Yeah.  He's not horrific, but any stretch 5 will absolutely destroy us with his cement feet.  For now, I do like playing small with Jeff Green since that makes the offense even more ridiculous and allows them to switch on defense.
Uh yeah we’re all out of those
Go to bed nephew
Zero percent chance we buy him out. Cavs don’t buy guys out even when we’re terrible. No chance we do it for our starting center when we have our best chance at making the playoffs without Lebron since the 90s.
Facts. Allen was probably too young to be respected enough to be starting over DJ but Drummond is basically a vet even though he's only 27.
He shouldn't be. But the fact Allen didnt start over him shows this isnt a talent thing.
Nothing is a certainty. Gotta love people hating  on speculation in an online forum.
He was always this good at passing though. The "selfish" narrative was really dumb.
Ah gotcha definitely was a bad pass
~~not even a triple double~~
You guys get two of the three best picks of Houston and Miami as long as Houston isn’t too 5 pick.
Miami?
at least the chiefs and nets were/are winning
No our defense was abysmal and has been all year. OKC bricking wide open shots doesn't mean the defense played well.
That's bad defense.
Deandre being too slow to cover anything past the free throw line and key area is definitely a solid foundation for a consistently poor defense
Lebron is a bum.
That podcast was full of hotakes
Yes, but possibly leading young fans to believe the world is flat is way worse than possibly misinforming people about a virus that has killed hundreds of thousands!!
what even happened to that dude, did he smoke his brain cells away?
Deandre/perry spent 39 mins at the 5 today
Uhhh no I wouldn't. Have you not been reading my comments?
last few seasons say no. he hasn’t had a season since leaving CLE where he hasn’t been injured. He had a season ending injury that costed CLE what would have been their first of two titles, got a season ending injury his first year in BOS and the team needed him when they were 7 games against LeBron, had another season ending injury last year. 3 season enders! 2 which costed his team a title/finals matchup with GS. Not his fault, but Nash needs to be careful especially when the last few games have been playoff intensity and he’s playing him blowout minutes 🤦‍♂️
I think it's an iguodala situation although more motivated by the pandemic this time.
That trade offer certainly is insulting.
TBH I live in NZ but first followed NBA in the 90s, the Reignman and the Glove were my idols. When Adams got drafted I started following OKC. Mods for OKC wouldn't let me have an OKC Shawn Kemp flair 
:(
It doesn’t
There’s less than a zero percent chance we buy him out
Cavs buy him out because they can’t find a trade for him
we'll give you pj for harden back
ok can we have allen back then
Addition by subtraction
? Allen did end up starting over him
Yup. It's amazing to watch just how much better he is at certain aspects if the game compared to other players.  Like passing. He is weirdly better at just throwing a basketball to other people.  His lob pass game is unbelievable.  And his hands just seem quicker than other players.  Enjoy watching him.  I know I did for the past 8 years.
Actually if any of Miami okc or Houston’s picks wind up in the top 4 we’ll get that one I believe
But Houston and Miami at this moment in time look like shoe ins for a playoff spot, so those picks wouldn’t be good
you need to add a /s
I’d rather punch myself in the dick with brass knuckles than watch Wiggins try to play basketball for 30 millions dollars every other night
They said the same thing about the Harden trade.
Why would they wanna buy him out when they only have half a season left on his contract and they are in a playoff push with him playing well for them?
That could happen. Or we keep our starting center as we try to make the playoffs.
But can the Net's just sign another player with his contract size?
For harden
Lol he’s leading the league in rebounding and averaging 19 points with that. How would getting rid of 19/15 help us make the playoffs this year?
He took the starting spot on January 7th, he was traded on the 13th. I would love to be wrong and they start Drummond and DJ takes a backseat despite making so much money. But I'm not sold. I'm certainly not saying DJ SHOULD start.
Only if Houston’s pick is top 4, if that’s the case, OKC gets their item and Miami
I would rather supermax Wiggins than watch Lu shoot 9 3's ever again
What? That the Rockets wouldn’t buy out Harden? This isn’t even remotely the same
It’s happened before. 

Teams have bought out players as a sign of good will to let them try and seek greener pastures. 

It won’t here because imo Drummond is a valuable piece to the Cavs playoff run. Crazier things have happened tho
To save money and because they might not be in a playoff push by then.
best i can do is landry shamet and a junior’s cheesecake
Addition by subtraction...
There's no need to state something as fact when it's not fact. Jarret was playing more minutes in every game anyways and Nash was and still is getting a feel for the rotations. It's not crazy to see that Nash would test combinations out and end with Drummond as a starting 5 just as he did with Jarrett.
I’m sure you would
For months I heard the Rockets wouldn't take the Nets offer because it wasn't enough for Harden.

The fact is we're in a player dominated league. If Drummond wants to be on the Nets and the Cavs don't see him as a piece for the future, I wouldn't be surprised if they agree to a buyout.
Mainly when the guys aren't happy with the team situation and the team isn't doing too well, Cavs are playing good ball and in a playoff hunt. Can't remember the last time it happened in this situation. You're right though, crazier shit can happen but I'm pretty sure they can still get something out of the trade market rather than a buyout.
Hmmmmm.
Lol again. How does throwing out 18/15 help us make the playoffs? Cuz we beat the timberwolves by 1 and jarret Allen had a good game? Fine bring Drummond off the bench and he’ll get 8/10.
Fair point. I didn't stress enough that what I was saying was opinion and simply based off of what I had interpreted thus far. To be fair, I did say if Drummond came here he'd be playing more minutes than DJ. I'm just not convinced he'd get the start over him. And to be fair again, this exchange started because I responded to a statement framed as fact that DJ would not start over Drummond.
Again not even the same, Harden got traded for players and picks. You want the Cavs to just give up their starting big man averaging 18/15? They’re on a playoff push right now
Let Allen grow with the starting unit. It will pay dividends in the long run.
Lol okay we can do that and bring Drummond off e bench. No need to throw out an all world rebounder to save a million bucks.
Lol you don’t care about the Cavs long run. You just want Drummond for minimum cuz your bigs are a joke.
<3 Jarrett Allen <3
Jarret Allen with Drummond off the bench <3
Hate to lose your starting spot due to injury but hopefully coach starts Allen from now on even when Drummond comes back.
Nets really just shot 55/48/86 as a team.
They really gave Kevin Durant a prime James Harden
Can we please have 7 games of this?
Middleton vs KD on both sides of the floor was some good stuff.
Man, that potential game winner was in and out!
Shouldn’t there have been more time on the clock?
That was a fun fucking game aside from Augustin and Forbes having minutes.
Death by James Harden floaters.
Having 2 of the best scorers ever on your team is pretty cool tbh
There has got to be better commentators around than Marv Albert and Chris Webber holy shit
Give me 7 games of this ASAP
3.6 seconds for the last possession??? They called a timeout at like 6 seconds. Wtf?!?
That was a great game
These fuckers don’t even have Kyrie yet.
The Nets have three easy money snipers, in case anyone still hasn’t realized that. And the fourth still hasn’t played.
James Harden and Kevin Durant are on the same team. The two greatest scorers of this generation. Still doesn’t feel real 

What an unbelievable duo
Deandre Jordan's vertical is 20 inches. And that's me being generous.
Why didn't the refs add time back for missing Middleton calling timeout for 2 whole seconds?
Super interesting to see who Brooklyn brings in at center

DJ played 37+ min and he was getting attacked in the PnR all crunch time

Dope game
Bruh the eSPN/TNT fee has loud as crowd noises to the point its distracting.

Am I crazy or was there supposed to be like 5 seconds left? Ref took so long to call that timeout
Nets were letting Giannis practice his jumpshots lmao
That was a great fucking game. Someone has to beat the nets 4 times in the playoffs. Yikes
If the Bucks won the takes on this sub would have been fucking insane.
Why Jrue isn't guarding Harden full time and Giannis on KD full time confuses me. But this game was intense, hope to see them in the Conference Finals
The Nets are really going to win a chip before the Celtics do, even after getting bamboozled out of a half decade of picks.
Woof that interview, Marv and webber talking over each other. Harden lingering because Marv didn't tell him that was it...
Are we really getting a Durant/Harden vs. Lebron/AD for the finals? That sounds way too intense.
That game was fun... as... hell...
Both these teams are super close in talent, the problem for the bucks is a playoff series would come down to the last 3 minutes probably every game, and it’s going to be Middleton/holiday dueling KD, Harden, and kyrie. They might win 1 of those, but they aren’t doing that 4/7 times.
So fun to watch KD and Harden on the same team
KD and Harden is just unfair man
Shoutout refs for waiting 4 seconds to give us the timeout instead of calling it when Khris called for it
Obligatory Nets don’t even have Kyrie yet
Jrue holiday is so good on defense
That was just straight up fun to watch.  Gonna be a hell of a series.
Great game. So excited to see how we look with Kyrie too
If Middleton made that all the comments would be like " nets are having defensive issues " now all the comments are like " nets are op"
What an ending, KD and Harden are a dynamic duo
Why is KD so damn good?

Why is Harden so damn good and slapping asses on the court?

Why is Kyrie Kyrie?
This nets team is going to be dangerous.
why did they not add time on that last play? middleton called timeout and the ref waited like 4 seconds to blow his whistle.
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an unstoppable force.

I guess I've found my ECF matchup.
There was a 3 minute span of incredible back and forth basketball to start the 4th and during that time...

Steve Nash was interviewed.

They showed Nash coaching Durant on the sideline for a minute.

The Bucks "fouled" Harden, which was challenged.

And the only words about the game going on was Marv cutting to commercial by saying "And the Nets are challenging the call."

A call on the Bucks for fouling Harden. Just fucking infuriating to watch.
And now you telling me they also have Kyrie?
Forbes on harden as a man on man defender is probably the worst decision I've seen from a coach
Nets are going to the finals, and as Chuck would say "GUARANTEEEEEEED" They had like 20 lead changes this game but managed to clutch it out w/ KD's huge 3 with 36 seconds left.
If this game is an indicator, then ECF is going to be a fun series
What a game 

The Nets are this good without Kyrie (and a probably a guy or two from the buyout market) I think they’re going all the way
Fuck me they’re really gonna win a ring aren’t they
That might’ve been the worst post game interview I’ve ever seen. Props to Harden for somehow handling that interview smoothly
I feel like the Nets offense when Kyrie gets back is going to be wild.  Just make sure he plays basically all of the non-Harden minutes because as good as KD is at scoring, the offense overall looks *a lot* worse when KD is out there by himself compared to Harden out there by himself. Harden is creating shots and most importantly, finding the people to take those shots.  KD also creates those shots with the attention that he draws, but he's not very good at finding the guys to take those shots, so he takes them himself.

I think with Kyrie it will look better, however Kyrie still isn't the facilitator that Harden is.
What a game holy shit. That 4th quarter was intense
Middleton called timeout with 6.2 seconds on the clock. Ended up at 3.8 seconds. Still plenty of time but just weird.
Nobody is going to be able to stop this nets offense. You're going to outscore them. Joe Harris is the 4th best offensive player on this team and he's about to lead the the NBA in wide open 3's taken and he's gonna make 45% of them
Can a bucks fan or really anyone who watches them consistently explain why they had Giannis basically away from the action on the defensive end? 
I guess the argument is KD is virtually unstoppable but i'd still like to try my reigning DPOY on him.
Unlike batman - robin MJ-pippen, nets are like 2x early career batmans. Sigh warriors.
i think its hilarious u kids talking shit about harden. u wouldnt say this shit to him at lan, hes jacked. not only that but he wears the freshest clothes, eats at the chillest restaurants and hangs out with the hottest dudes. yall are pathetic lol 

I miss him already.
Wow I am shocked that 2 of the best scorers ever on the same team works.

The Nets are this good and have another Top 20 player coming to the team next game lol
Holiday played a hell of a game, I don’t know if anyone was doubting his defense, but that put anything to bed. Lockdown
Holy shit, that Harden rebound from his own 3 to assist an open Durant 3
It's a 2 point win in the reg season, let's not write off the bucks
Man. What a good game of basketball, especially those last 2 minutes. Thought that lost shot was good, but damn was it close. GG Nets. Would be a fun playoff series
Harden 6 turnovers in the 1st half. No turnovers in the 2nd half.
Lot of people in this thread asking why giannis wasn’t more involved in the last few minutes of offense. I’d imagine these same people don’t realize Kha$h money has 53/47/95 splits and is criminally underrated each year while being one of the greatest shooters, albeit lacking in pure athleticism. 

That being said, all the pundits and nephews on here asking why giannis doesn’t have more help but then when we let an All-Star take over in clutch time they think somethings wrong. Nah Khris is just fucking good. Gg nets, I think I’ll die if we meet in the playoffs
I'll take 7 games of this matchup in the playoffs, please and thank you
Now imagine adding Kyrie Irving to this...insane
Nice job Nets.
Man that was an awesome game but ya'll got some scorching hot takes for a 2 point win in game 15 of the regular season
KD’s defense at the end on Middleton sucked, dude could not get around a screen but by god that firepower fuck defense offense is the only important thing
If harden has a million fans, then I 😊 am one 🔂 of them. If harden has ten 🔟 fans, then I 😀 am one 1️⃣ of them. If harden has only one 1️⃣ fan then that is me. If harden has no 😶 fans, then that means 😏 I 😀 am no ⛔ longer on earth. 🌍 If the world 🌍 is against harden, then I 😀 am against the world. 🌐🌍🌏
Bucks vs Nets ECF who says no
Spurs fans tried to warn us about Bryn Forbes...
KD/Harden are unstoppable it's crazy. Like even at the end. Harden missed the 3, so he gets the rebound and passes it to EasyMoneySniper and of course KD gives them the special. Flawless
I though that last second TO by Durant was gonna be a setup to a crazy game winner by the Bucks
Nets are going to be a fucking problem. Why didn't they put more time on the clock though?
Watching the nets play feels like I’m watching in black and white. It’s really trippy
That was a great MLK game. Harden and KD alone is *Scary Hours*
I'm curious if the Lakers can put up points fast enough to keep up with this version of the Nets. They don't really have any lockdown wing defenders but they do have AD, but Harden/KD are unique in that a lot of their points come from jumpshots which avoids the inside defender like AD. I don't know if 36y Lebron can slow down KD that much. The Lakers will have to be really efficient with their offense, I'm surprised the Nets looked so good against the best team in the East.
Pretty sure a Bucks Nets ECF will be the best series of the playoffs
They gave harden a closer. GG league
There is indeed only one ball, and we put it in the hoop 77 times to win.
How about Deandre Jordan, 12 and 12 with 2 blocks and 100% from the field.

I feel like even if he's looked washed in the regular season so far, he will turn it up and play his role well in the playoffs.

He may not be the lob city Jordan anymore but he doesn't have to be. And against teams that are small they can just run KD-Green which still offers rim protection.
I thought that last shot by Middleton was down!
why was giannis guarding jeff green down the stretch
30+ pts and 10+ assist games are terrifying when you have two other 30+ point capable scorers on the team.
I am pretty sure Giannis gets the ball more outside of the 3 point arc than KD. Bucks offense needs make him get the ball near the free throw line. KD and Harden are looking great but the defence is looking sketchy.
Why isn't Giannis guarding KD?
Undefeated in National TV games, let’s gooo
Ernie: "And *maybe* Kyrie Irving." smh
#NETS WIN

https://streamable.com/v2sv2k
That’s gotta be the ECF right?
CAN C WEBB AND THAT OLD DEAD GUY NEVER DO A GAME AGAIN. Dear lord they made probably 40 mistakes tonight it’s embarrassing for the league. They wonder why ratings are down Jesus Christ
How is DJ Augustin +8?
Nets offense is incredible but I think we can exploit their coverage of Giannis very easily. DJ sagged off so far from Giannis that every Handoff and screen resulted in a wide open jumper. Please give me this series as the eastern conference final. It's gonna be an amazing watch.
I wonder if there is a local play by play announcer opening for the Nets. Chris Webber would be all over that so fast. I’m not sure he realized another team was playing. If you mentioned the Bucks, he’d be like: I can’t wait for that game! Tom Brady vs Aaron Rodgers is going to be great!
Fuck superteams
[deleted]
Nets defense will be seriously exposed in the playoffs.
Giannis is the MVP but is not at all involved as the offensive closer. Something doesn’t add up. It’s weird.
The Nets are trying to buy a championship
i don’t fear deer, i fear beards.
League fucked
So we gonna ignore the fact that Harden played like garbage for the Rockets and then just decided to try on the Nets. Yah I get it but it's pretty shitty of him
We should all be tanking.
[deleted]
I DEMAND 7 GAMES OF THAT
what a game
the rim said no OT tonight
I’ll take 7 games of his please
the best team money could buy

Chemistry, schemistry
[Brook Lopez defensive highlights](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcT0v_o1nZ4mUtpzny9wRlqrclP2vTUkZGLT4ohNlapaXmIKobvi4Ht9oEFfQGdZNwQd_1OrOu8-&usqp=CAc)
great game nets bros. Felt like a playoff game
Bro DJ Augustin is trash. Missed 7 shots that he shouldn't have even taken in the first place
That Nets offense is something else fr
FINAL 0-0
Marv Albert has to be seriously considering retirement. He doesnt seem to give 2 shits anymore.
The last quarter was great. Not many ticky tack fouls, lots of baskets, and no timeouts in the last 3 minutes made it fly by. Great game, the Nets will take some beating but they really need a defensive 4/5
Kyrie ain’t even playing either
Did anyone else notice how many times Marv cut off Webber? I counted at least 5 times where Chris was about to make a point then he’d straight up interrupt him
17 turnovers, we got the buttered fingers
https://streamable.com/v2sv2k
Giannis seems off this season. He did decent help defense on kd but I’d rather see him being active more. Khris and jrue are both great, they have every right to take more shots. Enjoyable game overall. And also how come the bucks had 3 seconds although khris was calling timeout for 3 hours?
Felt like a playoff game, refs let it go more too, really entertaining.
Great game. Close.
Should have had more time on the clock. Guess we will see in the 2 min report and find out we were right.
I’ll take a 7 game series of this, please!!!
KD played horribly missing a bunch of easy shots and he  scores THIRTY shoots  near 50% and 50% from 3.
Can we not with the "Player A and Player B combined for 53 points!!!"
This sucks lol
I dunno about you, but I believe flipping Kyrie for a serviceable big man plus some decent bench players would make the team better than going with the big 3
Yeah I think I'm done with the NBA. This super team shit is boring as hell. It's not fun when you know the 2-3 teams that will be in the Finals.
Harden and Durant coexisting very well together so far. Can't wait to see what will happen once Kyrie returns from his little vacation. As a Celtics fan hopefully it won't work, but KD and James Harden might be enough to send this team to the finals anyway. 

Also, what the hell are teams doing at the end of games nowadays? Giannis was wide open and driving to the basket for an easy game-tying bucket. Don't feed me the narrative that Middleton didn't see him. That game should have gone to overtime, but once again you have players jacking up contested looks trying to win the game by themselves when there are better options available.
The stat line look good but I really didn't like Giannis' game at all on both ends, he has basically no impact defensively, and offensively he settled way too much the first 3 quarter.

In the fourth the Middleton/Giannis PNR got them anything they want, but hey maybe run it sometimes before the fourth then ?

All the Bucks bench players look unplayable
Best team in the East easilyyyy
Crazy how efficient the Nets are at scoring but these games are hella close. Only beat the Magic by 7 last game. The defense is lackluster
Giannis jumped too early
Bud is such an awful coach lmfao.
[deleted]
Giannis was way too tentative late in the game. Felt like him in the playoffs.
This game was amazing. Playoff tone all the way. Can't wait for the Clippers/Nets match.
Well, that settles it. The Nets are winning the 2021 NBA championship.
Waive Kyrie you cowards
They did this against the team that has the best players to guard them.

Jrue is a fucking nightmare against James

Middleton matches KD in size

Giannis and Lopez guard the paint 

Harden really showed when it mattered in the fourth with those 3 straight tough buckets
kyrie is averaging 27 and 6 on 50/43/100 in 7 games btw
Giannis stormed off lol big mad
Damn
Nets are spooky af. Really fun team to watch. And this isn't even their final form. Parity is back on the menu boys
Well That was a  nice close game
if the Nets stay healthy, this could be one of the best teams of all time.
with irving is going to be fun to watch
Nets can’t guard a soul but they can’t be stopped, makes for entertaining games
bruh wtf were those shots by middleton lol
Goddam what a great great game
Philly really didn't want to give up Maxey huh?
This was a fun game. Nets only gonna get better as harden figures out where guys want the ball.
when you didnt think the nets could get any stronger this season ...
great game
Middleton should start finding or even looking for Giannis. He attempted every shot in the last three minutes and missed a wide open Giannis on the last ball for a highly contested 3.
That was such an awful last play. I can't believe they took a time out for that junk play.
I like this
Marv is hard to listen to
Joe Harris is dad fucking baller
The nets defense is so bad cause they can’t wait to get back on offense.
Kyrie has some pressure on him after this game. If the nets now are not the best in the east, he's gonna get blamed hard.
Harden has the smoothest voice in the nba
Great game
No interior defense means we most likely get close games to the end. Which is better than what the Wizards do bc it has Durant and Harden doing the hero ball to make it fun.
Having James Harden setting a pin down for KD is stupid.


Edit - while also having Joe Harris and Shamet one the floor with Kyrie ball handling. How the fuck do you defend that?
The last few mins of this game is insane.
Who is realistically Bucks can get to improve the team? PJ Tucker?
Not much more you can ask for from an NBA game.

Stars battling it out down the stretch, shooters making shots, great basketball with constant lead changes all the way up until the end.

Middleton could've made a great play by pulling down his shot and passing to Giannis, who couldn't have been more wide open, but that's a tough thing to do I guess when you're rising for your shot and focusing on that.
Awesome game, great individual performances. Really can’t wait to see these teams meet in the playoffs, and have to think Philly is really wishing they pulled the trigger for Harden.
Give 7 games pls
Fun as hell game.  Really enjoying seeing Harden ball out on the Nets so far.
Holy hell, way too close for my parlay lol
Game of the Year so far
rofl marv albert left harden hanging after the end of the interview
Holy shit TNT is fucking atrocious....
I love Basketball
OKC fans shaking their fist at the cloud
Harden and Durant is the East’s problem now lmao
Bucks have some of the worse execution in the clutch I've ever seen.
Best game I’ve watched all season. 

Sucks that we lost but I’m confident about a 7 game series versus these guys. Need the bench to pick it up a bit. Forbes and Augustine are ass.
Nets need some bench help, now
I'm disappointed Nets reddit fanbase don't have a guy that makes a funny video after every win this season.
How tf did Jordan have 5 turnovers
Imagine playing amazing defense on harden and forcing the ball out of his hands .... just for the ball to go to Durant.
I don't want Kyrie added into this

Harden and KD go together too well
Guys, is the league over? Im scared
Just why in the hell did the harden-kd-westbrook trio not stay together is beyond me
DJ Augustin really got saved from a 0/0/0/0/0 game
Bucks as usual are just pretenders.
OKC messed up big time
The lack of aggressiveness from Giannis down the stretch and Middleton's questionable shot from 3 when they were down by 2 was kinda frustrating to see. Such a shame that Khris played well  before that brain fart.
no need to take care of the ball if you just shoot better than the other team.
It's over for the East if the Nets get a competent center. Or just hold an audition in the G League to find the best centre outside the NBA.  Sean Marks has his job cut out for him to find good pieces to put around the 3 stars.
Is Marv Albert going senile?  He had no idea what is going on half the time
C'mon trade Kyrie for Russel, we need the OKC 3 back together.
I’m the 1000th comment 😳
I do really think KD and Harden are gonna work well together and ball out this year. But damn, Id be sad af for Westbrook if they win it all together. Even though its way too early to even say that.
This is supposedly what Thunders would have looked like, if there is an "IF".
Only caught the highlights, but holy shit, the announcers were bad. Ignored plays, didn't bother keeping up, nearly bored me to tears, despite how close the game was, throughout. JFC, if you can't do be than that, just go without announcers.
They should honestly trade Kyrie, the Harden at the 1 and KD at the 4 is working too well.
I hate you Tillman Ferfuckface
We all love James Harden now right?
BKN really needs a center to compete with Western Conference teams, especially in the finals. Likely will be Lakers, BKN is purely outsized and will easily get outrebounded.
ECFs preview
They have to be the favorites, right?
Fun ass game thats for sure. KD and harden what a duo….be interesting how kyrie fits in and how quickly.
So.

Harden is a better Point than Kyrie. Kyrie must become the off-guard.  Durant goes out, Harden slides to the 2 or 3. Irving moves to the point.  Harden goes out. Irving stays. 

And so forth and so on. 

This will not work any other way.
Damn Jrue is still so much better than Kyrie, look at them stats L U L
Lol but Simmons and maxey...  the sixers... lol
Ok

So this is how it’s going to be

Honestly not even mad, this is going to be a blast of a finals matchup
does KD have any beef with Giannis? noticed at least twice that he gave him a shove during the first quarter. not trying to say he like hates him or some shit but seemed a bit out of character for KD. might be overthinking it tho

please bball gods give us a series between those two teams.
Giannis is the biggest fraud MVP in league history. His fans are so delusional. Nets in 5.
but but r/nba told their defense is suppose to lose them games?

"Bucks are gonna run over them" - People who never played basketball

Oh yeah when you actually make shots your defense is set because their taking the ball out of the net
"wHOs gOOnA gUARd GiaNNIs"
Kyrie watching Durant get a new best friend right in front of his eyes. Can't wait to see how the chemistry works out between the three
Same thing with the bucks- some bad shots in the last minute. They need to improve to win in the playoffs.
Khris Middleton ain't no KD
The difference between these two teams is after those 3 players the Bucks have, they have a lot of guys the nets can leave open because they won't hit shots. So the nets big three is better than whatever the hell they get out of Holiday when he's not exhausted guarding KD, Kyrie and Harden, plus there's not a big gap between the rest of either teams roster.
Keep coping, r/nba
B-But I thought the Nets have zero defense and Giannis was gonna feast on them????
Harden does not fuck around
Harden showed up like Buzz Lightyear in toy story 1 and now Kyrie’s the old toy.
The overall level of defense in the NBA has been declining for years, but this season it has come to a point where it's seriously hampering the experience of watching the game.
The Dribbler decided to give out 12 assists because Giannis wanted someone who would pass
Bogdanovic would have been so much better than DiVincenzo for the Bucks.
League ruined by kd needing another superteam. Again... Last year was so nice without him. Its a shame a player of his caliber always needs a top 5 player by his side otherwise he would be someone id root for.
CanT BEat tHe BUcks
[deleted]
Nets shot 55% from three, have KD, have harden, and only won by 2. I think the 7 game series would be closer than people think
Rockets fan here, that one dude with the beard isn’t too bad huh
can we trade kyrie away for some better bench depth and defense? that's enough firepower already
Nets are like the anti-Bucks. Don’t have the defense or the system but have the guys that can just get it done when it matters. Middleton isn’t quite there as a clutch time primary option
Bud needs to be fired for that bullshit at the end and Middleton needs to be put in a corner. Who the fuck do you think you are?? Threw the game with those end-of-game decisions. Giannis needs to be more selfish or Bucks got no shot.
Imagine if they trade Irving for defensive minded role players. They could be a monster.
Only, the ONLY,

the ONLY ONLY ONLY ONLY REASON
I’d like to see the Nets with it all,

is too see our Canadian homeboy Steve Nash get a ((long overdue)) ring. 🥲
This going to be like LeBron and the Carson vs the big 3 celtics
Kyrie is on the trading block, right?
Giannis sucks
Harden is a baby
Fuck this NBA.
The Nets are beating the Lakers in 4. Anyone else saying otherwise is either a Lakers fan or deluded
[deleted]
yup, f*** this team
Middleton with that shitty ass shoot first mentality missed a wide open giannis. Khris there’s a reason ur not the first star bud
KD easily the best player, head and shoulder above everyone else in the league. Time to put another L on Lebron's finals resume.
Just a weird thing for me to say but after watching this game, I’ve had a lot of “that’s not a championship caliber possession” thoughts a handful of times. 

Bucks need a closer and Giannis still doesn’t know how to properly play basketball. 

On the Nets side, there was a Harden ISO, Harden ISO, KD ISO  back to back back. It could work because they’re that talented but I just can’t see it being sustainable in the playoffs when teams care about watching film and adjust their game plan. KD is playing the same way he did in OKC, which is kind of disappointing in a way, and couldn’t get it done.

You’d think after playing with the Warriors, his game would elevate to a whole nother level like Bron after Miami but it didn’t, in terms of mental game. 

I see the Nets getting out the East but don’t see them beating LeBron James and Anthony Davis 4 times.
lmao Giannis so bad in crunch time the play they drew up was hoping he could run in and get a putback
Terrible last play, and the Bucks burned at least a second or two after the defense stop, standing around looking for a whistle to be called against them before calling timeout.
And it ended up being a 2-pt game. When they figure out taking care of the ball (5-17 turnovers is asinine), they'll be nigh impossible to stop. Gulp.
Am I missing something? The posted box score says 55/48/86.
And won by 2
Like literally myleague when you do an all time draft shooting splits
Crazy thing is that basically is KD's shooting percentage for the season. Dude coming back from an Achilles too and dropping 30 a game ridiculous.
Prime Joe Harris too.  Unfair.
And I thank Tilman Fertitta every day for it.
And this sub really thought it wouldn't work
I love it rooting for Harden hard man, he deserves a ring
Fuck Tillman
Sub also thought they wouldn’t work lol
Giannis googling “how to force a trade before your new supermax starts” rn
both of whom are gon lose to prime lebron and prime AD
This league is finished and nobody even knows it yet. 2017 Warriors Part 2.
Yeah these mfs gon be a problem
And prime kyrie?
Wasn’t he fat and out of shape? 🤣
Yea, the two of them playing together has been like poetry in motion. I wonder what adding Kyrie to the mix would do - could be insane
The hardest road.
Literally the last group of people I wanna hear a squeak about unfair teams is the gsw
KD is 32 and coming off a torn achilles. Harden is 31, fat and spent the last 6 months in titty bars. They’re playing with Joe Harris and a G-league squad. I know this has been beaten to death, but what the fuck Presti,  the Thunder would have won like four titles.
They’re the best team in the league
I think I’d die halfway through.
With a diff announcing crew
I don’t think my heart could take it
In the ECF please and thank you
It’s for sure going to be the ECF
Yes please
Feel like Bucks are gonna have to step it up a notch or two to get to the point where they could take it to seven games, but there's still room to get better as the season goes on. Same goes for the Nets too, obviously, so hopefully that gap doesn't widen too much by the playoffs.
I'd love 7 games of this with no Marv Albert and Chris Webber to ruin it
Yeah it's called the ECF /s
Not gonna be 7 games when Kyrie is back.
I was gonna ask for it too. We need it!
You'll probably only get 5.
You’ll probably get 4
I'm calling a Nets heat ECF
Middleton is literally like a young PG but consistent. Fills it up on one end, defends the best player on the other end. I legit can't believe how good he is as an A&M alum.
Man, Khris Middleton is so good. He is clearly top 20 this season. If he had the physical tools he would easily be a superstar.
and had it just went out right away, it could've been a putback
My heart suck and my 15 year Nets fandom flashed through my eyes and thought to myself "fuck this would be peak Nets", but somehow we didn't fuck it up
Middleton made the time out sign as soon as Lopez caught it yet 4 secs went by kinda stupid
Yeah I was wondering the same thing. They called the timeout early. 

Great game still!
"Bud says the officials told him the clock situation was "the best they could do" on the final timeout call.

"We've looked at it in the locker room and it's clear" there should have been significantly more time on the clock." https://twitter.com/KanePitman/status/1351367614744809473?s=19
There was AT LEAST 5.5 seconds when Khris first signaled for a timeout.
Yup. Should’ve been like 6 seconds I think
That’s what I thought. Middleton called for timeout as soon as they got the ball, but refs were slow to blow the whistle.
It’s when the ref sees it. 

Very unfortunate for the Bucks
It went from 3.5 to 3.8 for the final play, but yeah, seemed Middleton called it even earlier than that
[deleted]
Does Forbes just exclusively take pull up jumpers from the free throw line? Seemed like he was passing up open three point looks off the screen just to brick a midrange jumper every time
They’ll be replaced by Nwora and Craig soon enough hopefully. I can’t get over how bad at finishing the bucks guards are other than Jrue
Whether you guys won or lost pretty much came down to DJ being unable to make a single shot. Rough one, but great game nonetheless!
My greatest fear is that Bud sticks with these rotations all regular season and then panics in the playoffs when those 2 disappear. By then it'll be too late to insert the correct players and get things working.

We need Nwora and Craig getting minutes early in the season because they have potential to be reliable.
Think he pulled out a righty floater in the 4th too. It's lethal when he has a lob threat because you don't know which one he's really going for, losing Capela to injury last year meant he couldn't pull it out as much
The dude went from fat to jacked
I remember how he didn’t have that in his arsenal and then after some random offseason he just mastered it, now it’s like one of his go-to moves, dude is just too lethal
There was a play where we forced it out of KD's hands with a few seconds on the shot clock, and it ended up in Harden's hands....wow.
“B-b-but there’s only one ball”

That take has never aged well, has it?
Hey I’ve seen this one! It’s a classic
Imagine 3 LOL
10/10 would recommend
Wouldn't know :(
still in disbelief
2? You mean 3?
Yes. Joey Buckets and Bruce Brown are assasins.
You know what'd be better? If they acquire a guy who can average triple double whole season.
i've been a fan since the Kenny/DC days and I FUCKING LOVE THIS.
Kobe and shaq wasn’t half bad.
That seems like a p good idea!
NJ? Not ur team homy
There were so many unintentionally comedic moments when they'd say something and TNT would show a graphic immediately showing how wrong they were.
I have no idea how a senile, sexual predator and a homer who brings every conversation back to when he played 30 years ago even have a job. Virtually every home team has better announcers than Marv and Chris so I don't know why they keep getting to announce national games.
I was hoping Nets get to cast their own games, sometimes that happens when TNT casts a game. Sadly nope. Nets announcers would have been better times a million.
I don't think it'd go to 7...

It would be fucking sick though.
Hope covid gets under control by the post season. The whole game I was thinking how wild a sold out barclays would be.
It wouldn’t be like this with Irving involved
Bucks got kinda scammed there, though if Middleton was just going to get trapped in the corner maybe it doesn't matter
Too bad they wasted their review on an inconsequential foul call earlier.
One of the best I’ve seen in a while. The thing that will stick with me is that the Bucks played at a genuinely elite level and still lost. Scary.
Joe Harris - 70% TS
who is 3? i know kd and harden are 1 and 2 and kyrie is 4
Yeah Harden is going to have to adjust those alley oops to come down to where Deandre can get them. With Wood and Capela he could lob them way up there and those guys would put it down
I’ll take the under on that
Hey, it's alright. The refs said they tried their best, but there was nothing they could do

https://mobile.twitter.com/kanepitman/status/1351367614744809473?prefetchtimestamp=1611062250184
REFBALL
I think they added .3 seconds no?
Brook low key got exposed tonight too the drop defense isn’t gonna work against harden, KD, and Kyrie. Portis might be the better option or Giannis at center to close.
I feel like gorgui dieng will get bought out, maybe javale but someone will send some picks for him
JaVale McGee has to be the prime target right now, Nets should happily offer a couple protected 2nds for him
Glad to see he's been showing up.
Watched only the highlights, Jordan is on all of them when Bucks score. And not in a good way
Joakim Noah
I saw kris' hands make the T and started counting. I got to 4 before they stopped it at 3.8 seconds. I have no clue why 3 bucks and the coaches on the bench had to call timeout before they did.
God I hate that fake crowd noise so much. It literally drowns out everything else.
He needs it lol
Both teams have depth issues. Their starting 5 are both very solid but nobody coming off the bench makes much of an impact. That's what the Lakers currently have over both of these teams
The takes are insane in the reverse lol. People here just want to overreact
Maybe, but coming to this game everyone knew that the Bucks and Lakers could feast on the Nets defense.
There was a point in the 4th quarter where Forbes guarded Harden and Connaughton guarded KD. That’s just ridiculously bad.
Can’t wait till we have Kyrie too 💀💀
They used Joe to force Jrue to switch off with the screens.
Giannis can’t really guard KD in isolation and if you’re being honest with yourself, you want to force KD to take jumpers(as with anyone) with a hand in his face. Giannis will be best as a help defender in this matchup because he can dissuade Harden AND KD from going to the rim. If you stick him on KD full time then Harden gets to shred brook lopez when he comes in to help, or he gets to hit a pinpoint pass to an open KD when Giannis comes to help out.
I think it makes sense to experiment with different matchups in a game that ultimately doesn't matter very much. Especially if you think you're going to be meeting this team in the finals. Use it as practice so you don't make the wrong choice in the playoffs.
Giannis isn’t great at navigating on ball screens, so they’d either just have to switch, and Durant could get what he wanted more easily. Bucks prefer to have Giannis on a weaker offensive player so he can roam and protect the rim more freely.
We haven’t had our own pick since 2013 and won’t until 2027. Lol. We don’t care.
I'm wounded
It hurts man...

Honestly a lot of Celtic fans haven't processed how much this Harden trade is going to fuck us. 

Like, we have 3 20+ PPG scorers on our team and are one of the best offenses in the league and we're thoroughly underrated in how potent we can be on that end of the floor with a guard like Kemba, a wing like Tatum, and Jaylen as the 3rd guy who can get 20 points without having to run plays for him. 

And the Nets make all look cute having Harden, KD, and Kyrie. It is just so utterly unfair, each of their players is better than ours when you look at individual matchups, KD > Tatum, Harden > Brown, Kyrie > Kemba.
Subscribe
Why does everyone keep ignoring Kyrie? lol he will be there too.
It's a sweep for Lakers. Jeff Green and Jordan 40 minutes a game is not going to stop Davis and Lebron
I don’t get why they don’t involve Giannis in the late game offense at all. I get having Middleton handle the ball, but Giannis needs to get the ball off of some of those rolls to the rim
Correct analysis is correct. At least Bucks got Giannis locked down.
I mean Giannis can be schemed for in the playoffs but mentioning Kyrie in a comment like this and not him is laughable.
the biggest problem is that Giannis is a complete non-factor on offense in crunch time because he has nothing in his bag that he can consistently rely on for halfcourt especially when defenses clamp down and teams build a wall against him in the playoffs. The only thing he did in crunch time this game was get an easy open dunk and a putback and he ball watched the rest of the time because his handle is poor, he has no jumper, and his post up isn't reliable. There's no fucking way Middleton and Jrue and outduel KD and Harden and Kyrie
I don't watch many bucks games, how do you think they match up against the nets compared to the lakers?
Giannis is going to be a liability in some of those crunch time games if he can't get his FT% better. He didn't do too bad in this game but if you compare the Bucks have to foul Harden, Kyrie, or KD in the finals minutes versus the Nets being able to foul Giannis and having a good chance he's not making both shots
I think the gap widens a bit with Kyrie back. 
If for nothing more than the fact that he relieves fatigue from the rest of them. 

Oh and he’s Kyrie so he’s gonna be a huge positive if you let him get a pure iso game.
We really have no chance. We dominate the regular season by getting tons of fastbreak points. But same thing happens in the playoffs that happened last night fb points fall off a cliff and our 1/2 court offense is weak.
also coaching....confidence in Bud is waning.
Tbh no team can do that. Even the lakers. They can win one or two games, but can they stop all three of them for 4 games? I don’t think so.
Kyrie isn't even in the mix yet. The Nets are terrifying
I thought so
As long as he keeps his head straight, he’ll make this team even more deadly. Until i see that, i wouldnt be surprised if he rocks the boat here and there.

Cant wait!
Same thing was said with the celtics
This duo is better off without Kyrie
Meh. They need defense. Harris dropped 20 on 5-7 shooting. Kyrie isn't changing anything tonight and they scraped by at home vs a cold Bucks.
But still not quite as good as Bruce Brown
I would trade kyrie for jrue in a heartbeat now that we have so much offensive firepower already.
I really want a 7 game series of this
Provided Giannis doesn't meltdown before that happens.
Imagine saying this when you lose to the 5 seed last year . Pretty sure you’ll be bowing out to Indiana or something this year lmao
They’re missing Kyrie. It’s wild. They look like a full squad rn
Wherefore art Kyrie?
Why is the world flat?
I dunno, this Kevin Durant kid doesn't look like he'll pan out
Shockingly hot take
He couldn’t even call the proper points. I noticed him saying giannis had 25 when he in fact had 27, never even corrected himself
Yes, Marv
Its okay, there are still people who think Kyrie will make the team worse.
That’s coach Bud for ya. Just a big dummy.
Seemed like no one could miss the entire fourth. Just trading buckets for 12 minutes straight
Harris, Green, and DJ pretty much had perfect games. But then again, they still have Kyrie coming back.
Durango was in foul trouble for a bit and they have Kyrie to come. It’s going to be unfair over a 7 game series. They just need to find a half decent 5 to go along with Jordan
Nets are gonna be an insane late game situation team. Legit will have three of the clutchest players in the league with a million ways to score .
Yeah Nets vs Heat is gonna be a great series
Gorgui Dieng type beat can’t wait
Motivated James Harden hits different
If they stagger Harden and Kyrie they could really ruin other team's plans on resting starters.
Tillman fucked the whole league over.
Two point win with Bucks bricking threes
Yeah lets forget the Lakers are a thing
If Lebron and AD are healthy I doubt it.
You guys aren’t happy for harden? Or dislike for leaving?
KD won games by himself recently
50%+ actually
Joe Harris: 67% TS

The NBA is finally catching on to the fact that he’s not just a three point shooter. Very good finisher and has added a mid-range shot as well.
Watch [this](https://youtu.be/LQgnY-ZA9tg?t=232).
Cuz it don’t matta
This makes me so sad right now
what do you mean you miss him? you have a raptors flair
freshest meme
And Harden still has never had a practice day with the Nets. He wasn’t cleared until Saturday and there was no team practice Sunday. Just wait until he steps foot in our state of the art practice facility in Sunset Park.
Jrue spent the entire game having to guard Harden then KD, then the minutes where he's catching his breath on the sidelines had to witness Brynn Forbes guarding Harden and KD....
Us bucks fans are just hoping Forbes doesn’t leave the bench in a series and Augustin either plays better or joins him
The bucks are a regular season team, playoff frauds . They’ve been written off
1st half he tries to get his teammates involved more. Coincidence? I think not.
This, I saw dudes laughing about how khris Middleton was taking the last shot like he wasn’t on fire
To be fair, you dont want him shooting free throws in the clutch.
I dont think NJ/Brooklyn and Milwaukee would survive 7 games of this
It ain’t going to 7
Considering that a large portion of this sub was claiming that a team with KD, Harden, and Kyrie were gonna crash and burn before they even played a game, I would say that the hot takes were out long before this.
I blame DJ on those screens, he's just sagging deep in the paint.  How do we expect to defend the mid range
He had 5 fouls, refs were seemingly calling everything against him
KD’s defense was overall very good this game though?
Factsssss
Miami. They’ll whoop Milwaukee again lol
No ones trying to see Giannis end up at the line and brick them . Right call
Yes his name is Joe Harris
Scared
Giannis almost never plays man, he is typically focused on help D which leads to lots of turnovers which is part of the reason the nets had 19.
You don't really want your best team defender on durant ik that counter intuitive but he is more useful being closer to the paint and stop 5 players vs 1
C'mon now you gotta add some hip hop \ dubstep sound to this, a gif alone won't do
Pack the paint (Big + J. Green) against Giannis and cover Middleton with the best wing defender (Durant or Bruce Brown). 

Force Giannis to take 35-50% TS shots on the perimeter and mid-range. Not afraid to Foul him if he attacks the rim.

Let Donte, Jrue and Brook (55% TS) beat you.

Done.

The question is how are you going to cover Durant, Harden, Irving, and Harris, all of whom can pour it on at 60-65% TS
Say what you will, you're not losing to Superteams the last 3 years, in the Playoffs.
Both teams are talented. The team shooting lights out from 3 while the other team shot like Kelly Oubre is the team that won. But guess that was too smart of a take.
2 point win lol

Edit: so if Khris's shot went in what would this comment have been? It was basically a coinflip, kids.
Yup. Offense was basically forced a switch then iso ball.
Yeah but their offense won’t
But it wasn’t exposed tonight? Without Kyrie and building the roster? Lol
Does it matter if they get more than 125/game tho?
You're right, every year I can remember the #1 defense got past the 2nd round. Wait a minute..
Deandre has been a liability but it’s unfair to throw Perry in there and expect him to do much. We can’t put Jeff Green in against the Bucks and Sixers because Embiid and Giannis will eat which forces us to keep Deandre
I mean what team in the East is gonna shut them down to the point they can our score them? Bucks are the only ones I can think of with the firepower. 

Lakers are the obvious one with elite defense and some insane firepower but they’re also the champs for a reason.
Perimeter D sucked with Shamet.  Ky coming back moves Brown into that prime defender slot. Then DJ just sucks and can't be bothered to step out on defense.  Perry, Claxton, and a buyout market big/or DPE trade will shore them up.
So will the defenses they're up against
It was exposed tonight. Bucks missed a ton of open 3s as did Giannis with open mid range shots which is good strategy but won’t work against most teams.
True. Rival team aren't showing their hand by going 100 on the Nets right now. But like with the Clips, it'll be exploited in the playoffs.
Middleton is the best shooter, it's not rocket science why he gets the last shot
Doesn't take a galaxy brain to know that if you can't make free throws in the clutch, you can't have the ball in your hands.
Well Middleton is their best shooter by far
I also kept waiting for them to try Giannis guarding KD, but it didn't happen.
They had him setting screens at the 3pt line in the last 3 minutes.  His sole offensive play was a put back.  I know he has a reputation for disappearing at the end of games but man that was something.
Giannis is liability at the FT line and not a great jump shooter. He’s not a closer.
Im not gonna hate on Giannis because he’s a great basketball player and an awesome dude, but it really does seem like there is a ceiling for him.  He isnt versatile enough on offense nor is he consistent enough at the free throw line to be a closer.  That’s a HUGE issue for the best player on a playoff team.  Idk what the solution is because he’s obviously the franchise cornerstone but thats a red flag.   

I see similar things with Simmons and Zion.  Those guys are super talented and valuable, but if you need a bucket late in the game, they can struggle to get you one.  You need to be able to shoot.
You do NOT want Giannis on the line in the clutch. Thats a big part of it.
That final shot should’ve been his. He was the best player this game on both ends
Shades of Vince perhaps?
you know Harden is a god when you can call his play in Houston this season "garbage" lmao his stats were still pretty amazing in those games
60+
Clearly you haven’t seen Jordan’s solid defense
Would you honestly feel the same If, instead of getting Jrue, Milwaukee mortgaged their future on Harden instead?
No one expected the raptors to win and beat you just 2 seasons ago so relax it happens
Say what you will, you're not losing to Superteams the last 3 years, in the Playoffs.
How does he have no impact on defense?  He plays mostly as a help defender which messes up plays and leads too quite a few turnovers, its a big reason the nets had 19 of them.  Not all defense is just 1v1.
They won by a bucket, dont overreact
? They showed him shaking hands
He came back tho
That report of him not wanting Harden is hilarious
We're hard capped this season (I think its because we used the bi annual, but I'm not certain).  Have to wait until next year aside from 1 prorated vet min signing in the last half of the year.  We have like 700k in cap space.  Getting Torrey Craig back from injury will help though, at least better than all those Forbes minutes.
They prayed for rain but got only Thunder...
You must not have watched the Mavs last year.

Or the Celtics
Westbrook is a ball hog
Check out this play from last year, its almost the same. The idea is Giannis plays clean up, either middleton wins it or giannis ties it all on one shot

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmUlFFkjVs4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmUlFFkjVs4)
Well, if Westbrook was Jeff Green, sure.
Try harder, this is poor bait
Giannis did have a beast stat line but as per usual, he did his Casper impersonation down the stretch
Who’s coping
??? That was a great game
Defense is always bad at the start of the season. If you actually watched every year you'd know that.
Watch Lakers basketball
It’s not like Lebron hasn’t had all-star and MVP teammates as well. Nobody wins a ring without help.
Literally no one said this. If anything it was that they were a lock for the finals. See you in the ECF.
Last couple minutes in tight games tend to be heavy Middleton iso.  Was working up until has last 2 misses.
They won by a bucket? Now they are going to sweep the Lakers? Get real.
This seems a smidge premature...
They won by 2 points. Let’s make sure they make it to the finals first.
lmao
Alright bud the nets won by 2 don’t get carried away
Saved and screenshotted.
What if I’m both?
In 4? Damn you seem to be mad against that loss still
He can’t shoot lmao
KD wasn't even the best player on the floor tonight. Are you a moron?
Jimmy Butler and Tyler Herro beat them 2 times. You don’t think Durant, Harden and Kyrie can do better than that?
KD & Harden haven't practiced much together yet, if at all.  I'd say to give them some time.  I saw some ISO but I saw passing and ball movement between the two of them as well.
> Just a weird thing for me to say

You got that part right at least..
Khris was calling it immediately, it was the refs who didn't give it for ages.
May be because they are so good at offense, the high turnovers are part of that process
When Nets fill their holes in buyout market and get Kyrie back, they're going to roll through every East team.

Kinda feel bad for Embiid, they really fucked this up. Morey should've just offered a huge picks package, they're all gonna be late 20s anyways.
Counterpoint: the Bucks also shot horrendously and the Nets barely pulled it off even with a fantastic shooting night. If both regress to the mean this goes the other way.
We'll also get Kyrie.
Honestly can’t tell if your post is serious or not. There is no way they keep up those kind of numbers.
You know they arent guaranteed to figure out the defensive side and turnovers right?
Harden still hasn't done one practice with the team. Double gulp.
Huh. You're right. When I wrote my comment though those were the shooting splits. Weird, I guess they got updated a few hours later?
Yep. Said it in another thread that I wouldn't be discouraged if I'm a Bucks fan. That series is gonna go to 7 for sure.
Because of turnovers and lack of chemistry . Harden hasn’t practiced with the team yet
Without Kyrie
The X factor for them, if he is shooting 45% from three with them then you are not guarding that shit
20 for Harris! Dude is a baller
The Joe Harris-Harden pick and roll, with the guys doubling Harden and leaving Harris wide open was laughably bad defense and we ran that play like 3 times in a row.
Dude is automatic. He killed us
Imagine if Dinwiddie was around
Nets were running so many pick and pops and when he wasn't a part of it he was wide damn open for the swing pass when they did run PNR, plus he's not just a 3pt shooter. Joey Buckets got game.
I said out loud before the game that Harris would be the deciding factor this game and will hit 5 threes. God damnit I was hoping I was wrong 😢
Joe Harris is unironically a better player for the nets than Kyrie
And Prime TLC
Past prime Deandre Jordan. That's fair tho
Never thought I'd root for the nets lol
You better be grateful everyday that he isn’t your owner instead lol
They really thought Harden would be too proud to let KD take the last shot lmao
“But who plays defense”

Maybe they should have been thinking who plays defense on them
I don’t think the “there’s only one ball” take has ever been right. People who say that don’t understand that these guys are professionals. More than professionals tbh
oNLy OnE bAll
Fuck /r/nba
Nono, it’s when they add Kyrie that it’ll stop working ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Get ready for a 170pt game with Kyrie coming back
It's been 2 games chill w/ the overreactions lmao, but they look great.
This is pure lies. People said Kyrie and Harden won't work, never Durant.
i think everyone in this sub outside of nets fans hoped it wouldn't work lol
KD has also always been quite vocal that he just wants to play with "hoopers". Surround him with talented players who understand the game, and they'll work it out. He always has. He can fit with anyone.
 we are 2 games in. Fuck you guys are so reactional.
Harden and KD are dope as hell. Kyrie is the one who messes it up. If they can trade him for role players including a rim protector they're in business.
i mean its only been 2 games
Fucking dumbasses lmao

I was down from minute 1. Of course 2 MVP-level players will be awesome offensively together.
..did they? I feel like nobody said that
I don’t think it will work, I don’t overreact after one game but this comment of course will be downvoted
They haven't done anything yet lol
LaKeRs iN 5
Not saying it won't "work" because that results in a chip ... But they went to crunch time vs the Magic and were losing with under a min left in this one... not like they are dominating
They won by 2 points and could have been beaten at the buzzer, far from a guarenteed win.  Remember how much they gave up for this potential ring.
Harden will go 3-10 on 3p/a in the playoffs too and then their guys won't hit 4 out of 5 of 5 out of 7 to save him.., if they can't get him to concentrate on more efficient shooting it's not gonna be fun in the long run
Kyrie isn’t even back yet and you guys are already crowning them champions after 2 games lmfao
Not that it won't work, but if it doesn't it will be because Harden and Kyrie don't fit well together.
His floater game tonight was immaculate
the brooklyn Rockets are going for it!
Me too bro
He deserves to earn a ring. Not be handed one after throwing a temper tantrum.
Nah he’s thinking about the missed layups he’s had. Anyone of those goes in and the games tied. Giannis ain’t like that
Refer to Deshaun Watson
aight relax 2017 Warriors had the DPOY and a top 2 defense in the league
Yeah because of a 2 point home win against a team that shot under 30 percent from 3. You guys are ridiculous.
It's the Thunder owners you should blame, they were cheap as fuck, and only started spending money once KD and Harden were gone.
bro even more. Russ wouldn’t get injured by Bev.   

They’d beat the Warriors, Spurs, and Cavs. Even toronto, honestly don’t see them not reaching the finals ever. People say Harden wouldn’t develop like he did in HOU but that’s not true. Mans showed it in the WCF in his third year. Can’t teach natural talent
Sacrifices must be made
im gonna go gray during the playoffs
You’d win in 4 in the actual playoffs
PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS HOLY
Agreed 100%
Have Ian Eagle and Richard Jefferson instead of Cwebb and Marc.
i was fucking dying this game holy shit i forgot what intense basketball is like.
Their fanbases are gonna die of heart attacks if we get 7 games of this
Not falling for that again
Might be the Sixers IMO but I’m fine with this.
U trippin it’s the Sixers
ha milwaukee isn't making past the 2nd round
I'd love for Kyrie to take shots away from Harden and KD.
Kyrie kinda has a bad record with the Bucks
You never know lol
Heat might have to play them in the first round lmao
The heat are shit lmao
Agreed
I think the heat have lost a lot without Jae crowder Kelly Olynyk is their pf now.
Minus the athleticism. Could be a top 5 player if he could blow by his man and dunk.
Imagine if Middleton would've thrown an alley oop to Giannis for the tie to go to OT, that would've been crazy.
Or if they left enough time on the clock once Middleton called timeout. We’ve run that play before where Giannis plays the tip for Middleton but there wasn’t enough time.
Maybe if Giannis didn't take himself out of the play by ending up directly under the rim.
BIG MARKET BIAS

I DEMAND A RECOUNT
I thought only the ball handler or coach can call a timeout
The best they could do? Wtf? Are they using an analog clock that can't be wound up?
Hit em with the classic Pawn Stars “best we could do”
when everyone knows they coulda have done better, I mean how hard is it to press rewind/pause smh
What the hell is “best they could do” just review the footage and add more time, I swear refs enjoy giving themselves bad press lmfao
Easily could’ve reviewed that too
Middleton made the mistake of only doing the sign right in front of the refs face. Rookie mistake, everyone knows they're blind.
Can you call a timeout while the ball is moving? Whoever grabbed the lose ball for the Bucks (think it was Lopez?) immediately moved and passed it forward. It was that second player who stopped and it looked like that is when the timeout was given.

Edit:
Sorry for sloppy link but here is the play: https://www.nba.com/stats/events/?ContextMeasure=TOV&EndPeriod=0&EndRange=28800&GameID=0022000209&PlayerID=201142&RangeType=0&Season=2020-21&SeasonType=Regular%20Season&StartPeriod=0&StartRange=0&TeamID=1610612751&flag=1&sct=plot&section=game

The ref who gives the timeout is watching the Lopez pass and Giannis dribble, once Giannis stops he gives the timeout. Not sure what the ruling would be if one player wants the timeout but the one with the ball didn't. Either way it looks like the clock was still wrong, was around 5 seconds when Giannis stopped.

Edit 2: Giannis looks mad the timeout was given? What is he reacting at?
Ive definitely seen it reviewed
Pretty sure that was a rolling inbound, the broadcast didn’t show it though.
He usually takes 3s or gets called for a travel before he can take a mid-range jumper.
Dude has a pretty stroke from 3 and that is ALL he should be doing
Except for that weird jazz series where he couldn’t get the floater off cause Gobert was spooky
He's always been jacked, people on here and Twitter just only get their Harden info from memes and lowlights though
And they say he's lazy
Or that moment when KD was in foul trouble early and had to subbed out... by harden haha
Talk about a nightmare scenario lol
Never really understood this argument. Especially with the fact that Harden is leading the league in assists...again
It's a braindead criticism. If the players can shoot 3's and can pass the ball than it all works out and what do you know, all 3 of the nets stars can do those things
Once kyries back tho, who’s the point guard?
I was worried about the defense but anyone who pretends like this wasn’t guaranteed to be a top 3 offense was delusional lol
That take is about Kyrie too... I didn't think there was questions about Harden and Durant. Pretty sure it was all 3...
Well the issue is with having 3 of those guys not two. And it’s fair from “brain dead”. By no means is it not beneficial but there’s a lot of diminishing returns by having 3 of those guys.
That take is directed to Irving. It might age well or not, but the main problem is Irving.
Very true. The dream team would've have been garbage if it were true.
it's game two, let's chill on reactionary takes

like yes i think the nets will still be a very good team but it hasn't been nearly long enough to say the "but there's only one ball" take isn't valid. I could be proven wrong, but this is game 2(?) of them being together, let's chill
They're missing their other ball dominant guard. So those claims still haven't been disproven.
I mean kyrie and his 20 fga per game hasnt been added yet
Two games let’s calm down
I got [seriously shat on](https://old.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/kx5tcw/the_theres_only_one_ball_argument_has_always_been/) for suggesting otherwise.

With Kyrie back it would only look better.
Reminds me of when Kobe and Kwame combined for 63
Yes, Joe Harris  and the other 2!
It's what Lakers had with Shaq and Kobe. It works extremely well.

Playoff LeBron and AD too. Any time you have two guys that can drop 30 easily it helps a lot.
I'll up it to 3 when Kyrie actually shows up haha
I’ve genuinely started muting them. I just put music on. It’s easier to get distracted for a minute but i’m not sitting asking myself “How the fuck do these 2 have this job” 15 times a game
I think it would but, we'd have to see what Playoff Bud does
Yeah sadly for the Nets it would be Bucks in 6
I mean Giannis was wide open under the rim, if there was the correct time he probably would have passed it to him
Meanwhile Giannis standing under the hoop waiting for it to rim out. Those 3 seconds were everything.
I thought time was something they automatically reviewed?
Joe Harris who on this team has the easiest shots of his life
Joe Harris
Joe Harris who lead the league in 3pt % last year and won the 3pt contest.
Joey Buckets baby
obviously joe harris
Center is what Giannis should have been playing for a long time now.
Giannis at center should be the full time lineup imo
[deleted]
We need a second center. Portis is fantastic, but I realistically see him as backing up Giannis not Brooke. If we could get another big and keep Portis. That would be huge. It feels like we have one center on the team. Even when Giannis missed a game, Portis started for him. We already suck at 3pt defending, might as well add a other big to make the interior even better lol. I don't nessicarly agree with that, but it seems bud wants to sacrifice open threes for great inside defense. And going with that, we need another center.
I miss Allen but it would be amazing to see McGee to potentially get a 4th ring with the Nets
I hope so for your guys sake, Gorgui can play .  But I feel like the Grizz would want to keep him around since they're trying to a playoff spot
Dedmon is already a free agent and has a great defensive rebound rate. I think they will bring him in soon
Stahp.
He's too lit for NY.
I legit thought they blew the whistle for a foul and the motion he was making was him saying “no I flicked ball” lol.

Wild that they didn’t give him a timeout tho
To be fair, that’s LITERALLY exactly what people said about the lakers last year lol
Who needs a bench when you have your stars playing at all times
Can only speak for the Nets because I don't know the bucks roster that well, but the have kd, kyrie, Harden, Joe Harris, DJ, Jeff Green, TLC (luwawu cabbarot, no idea how to spell it lol), Bruce brown and Landry shamet as solid rotation pieces. However u slice it, they have 3 solid players coming off the bench imo. They're real weakness is bigs for defense and rebounding, which they desperately need. With how well they shot this game, it should not have come down to the last possession.
Yeah, but the Lakers starting five ain't that great. Gasol is way past his prime and Schroder and KCP are just guys. Starter level, sure, but kind of low end starters. But every GM in the league would take Joe Harris over any of those three.

Add in that we have a wild card in Nic Claxton. Nobody out of Nets fans probably know who he is because this is only his second year and he couldn't take minutes from DJ or Allen last season. But oh boy are Nets fans and his teammates high on him.
But they didn’t....
Forbes fouled KD-Harden-Harris for like 3 straight possessions. Man had to go through the ringer that 4th quarter.
Gee, I can't imagine why anyone would be worried about Kyrie Irving not showing up.
I mean I think he’ll be there.  But if you had to bet your job, possessions, and life savings at 10000-1 odds he’ll suit up for the nets throughout the playoffs, would you take it with what he’s pulling now?
Because they don’t want him at the line in crunch time.
Agreed it needs to be Khris handling the ball in the P&R with Giannis on the other side
cuz if u dump it to him on the roll the Nets will foul him and live with him shooting free throws. he has no midrange fadeaways or pullups and he cant shoot 3’s that well. so the ball will always go to the guy that can create his own shot and is a really good shooter which is Middleton
Hopefully Bud can see that Giannis will dominate as the roll man in this series. Wish the Bucks hadn't just settled for the Middleton short jumper
It’s ridiculous. He isn’t involved at all! Was the same in the playoffs
Because he can't just run and dunk in crunch time
Because he can't hit free throws 🤣
Giannis is obviously a better player than kyrie, but if I need someone to create a crunch time bucket I’m picking kyrie 11/10 times
To be fair Giannis didn't take a single shot in the last 3 minutes.  His only bucket was a put back.  That was always one of the big problems in the playoffs for ya'll.
lol Kyrie is one of the craftiest players in the NBA and can score in a multitude of ways, Giannis can't
Lakers are probably a better matchup for the bucks because their paint defense is great (though the lakers 3 point shooting has been deadly so far) 

Jrue holiday and Co. aren’t even that bad of perimeter defenders, but the bucks defensive system allows for a lot of 3 pointers which isn’t great against a team with KD, Harden, Kyrie, Harris, among other great shooters.
If he keeps his head straight lol. He’s going to be straight up salty that he’s the third option and his stat line isn’t going to be what it was.
Came here to find this comment lol. Might be seeing addition by subtraction without Kyrie in the lineup for all we know.
cherry-picking. let’s go nets.
in the second quarter our offense fell apart. we definitely needed him at that point.
Nah Kyrie is way better than Jrue.
I think that there will be 7 games against the Lakers
Most of them have the same flair as you tbh
Except Bryn Forbes
Nah the Bucks were missing but the Nets couldn't care about the rebound since they knew they can score anytime.
DJ had 5 TOS and most of his buckets were Harden passing the ball off his hands into the rim lol. He also let like 10 wide open threes occur. Far from a perfect game regardless of what the box score says
Yeah, anyone taking anything more than "both teams are good" away from this game are just being silly. Nets didn't have Kyrie but had unsustainably good games from their role players, Bucks were at full strength but had unsustainably poor games from their role players, and we're not even 15 games into the regular season. At this time last year, Houston was looking like a world-beater, Phoenix was solidly in playoff contention (they almost ran it back in the bubble, but that was easily one of the craziest runs I've ever seen a team go on in the NBA), Minnesota looked like a good team, and most of the fringe playoff teams in the West (Spurs, Blazers, Pelicans, Grizzlies, etc.) looked horrible.
Plus whoever they get on the buy-out market, lol.
My Dodge Durango is always giving me foul trouble
Would get Dedmon imo but Dieng is nice too
Yes to Gorgui
Harden has been doubled the last couple of years, I would like to see teams trying that with Kyrie and KD on the court.
Harden Floaters have come with a vengeance
For real. Not too many stupid stepback 3s in the second half.
Tilman doesn't care. He'll be on his super yacht.
Nets missing Kyrie....
Nets without Kyrie and will sign any other center in the NBA which would be an upgrade over the corpse of DeAndre Jordan.
Just let me feel sorry for myself
Did you watch the game? Bucks weren’t bricking threes. KD was probably more off than anyone on the Bucks for the majority of the game
If they make their normal 3pt% they win this game by 12. But the nets didn’t even have Kyrie...
I'm very happy for him. Fuck Tillman.
I’m happy for him. Everybody’s responding differently though.
Happy for him? Not exactly lol. Don’t wish him ill either. Just sucks for us.
True, but dude had an arm around the screener on 4 straight plays and got beat. Just shows that we don’t have a straight defender other than Bruce brown rn
Yeah he was pretty solid, it was just at the end of the game where he kept giving middletonnspace off of a pick and he got easy shots
Considering all of your last comments we are living rent free in your head.Enjoy tanking or whatever is happening in Houston.
https://streamable.com/75vweu here we go
Fuck when I made it a streamable link it cut the audio gotta redo it
Indeed. I don’t even play in the NBA.
Thank you. Amazing I had to scroll down a mile to find this very correct take. There was like a 40% delta in 3pt fg% in the first half. Bucks shoot like they normally do they win this by 8-15 points. 
And for the “wait til they get Kyrie” people, the guys who got his minutes tonight were unreal and the other main reason the nets won. Green and Harris shot what like 12-14 from three?
You’re absolutely right but your flair is getting you downvoted, unfortunate
First “it’s only a 7 point win over the magic” to “2 point win” fuck it. Rather have an ugly W than a loss
All I see is "win"
lul you can win by 30 or by 1, still a dub
Lol y'all really gonna discredit the nets all year. This james second game and they didn't have kyrie and they still beat the bucks. This team only going to get better
Yeah but we have this another All-Star, All-NBA guy coming back soon bby.
2nd game Harden has played with the new team and Kyrie is out, what's your excuse?
they've had like one practice and are missing Kyrie Irving, a $35 million dollar player.

&#x200B;

y'all have the same starting lineup you've had for forever, have way more chemistry, and ugpraded from Bledsoe to Jrue Holliday.

&#x200B;

Giannis so bad in crunch time the play they drew up was hoping he could run in and get a putback off of a miss
still a win
lmao it’s the Bucks at full strength vs BKN without Kyrie. Your defense couldn’t contain Harden and KD, imagine when kyrie is on the floor
without kyrie. you guys don't win 4 games against this team with kyrie.
C’mon now
And they won off talent alone
without one of the best players in the league...
So a win?
2 point win while missing an all star
Y’all lost to the 5 seed last year and still think you’ll win anything lol. Them boys in Brooklyn will mop you in the playoffs
Defense wins championships. It didn't become cliche by accident.
Did you watch the 4th quarter Milwaukee had a conga line to the the hoop lmao
so ur answer is to not be the team that everyone is raving about in here. 

harden is a giant hole on defense. durant has to be godly to compensate for it.
The Clipps went cold after every 20 point lead they built. Doubt you're going to see Kyrie Harden and KD shoot 13%
Its not about the last shot, its that outside of that putback dunk he didnt do anything on offense for the last 6 minutes of the game
It’s not the last play. It was the last 2-3 minutes of offense. Nothing was for Giannis.
Middleton on KD is fine. KD is just KD. In playoffs I would like to see some Giannis on KD minutes. Giannis is just an elite help defender that it makes sense to have him play off in regular season at least.
He was easily the best player on the floor tonight wtf are these comments.
He was also hiding on Jeff Green the entire 4th quarter.
nah bro what
1000%. At least the rockets got a decent haul tho and Hardens value didnt tank too much
Really cause in the last 5 games he averaged only 20 points on 38% shooting, but he did get 10 assists and 5 rebounds. If you do all the Houston games this year its pretty good (25 and 10 but with -4.9 +/-) but still you can clearly see the mfer wasnt trying his hardest cause he wanted to assemble his superteam
No I’m aware, but the amount of times Brook just stood there while someone took a shot in front of him was mesmerizing
Harden Kyrie and Durant is different then Harden and Giannis imo.
I just meant in general. Yeah the Bucks have huge flaws, they basically suck at 1/2 court offense which is everything in the playoffs.
How so?  He seems to want the team to be of a certain personality type.  Team first, generally low ego (Portis concerns me somewhat, but hopefully he has grown up a bit), family oriented dudes who don't cause any drama.  Is that the best way to have as much talent as possible, probably not, but hey I'm fine with it since Giannis is staying.

For example, if you haven't noticed there is never any news about locker room drama with the Bucks or guys ever really saying anything in the media in general. 

 Harden is the exact opposite of all of that.
It was, but the amount of wide open shots everyone was getting the whole game made it feel...irrelevant...
Ughh, Lakers fans so damn obnoxious
im anti-lebron, and those two situations are not comparable. Only wade was mvp caliber on lebrons team. KD has had curry westbrook and now harden.
i hate that dumbass spongebob sarcastic comment but tbf a lot of people have been saying that in all of these threads, its not hard to find those comments. opinion seems to be split between "Nets lock for finals" and "Nets will be exposed by Embiid and Giannis"
He's delusional
Most of those turnovers came from Harden who still is in the process of learning about his teammates. It'll go down.
Ngl, I don't know how much you can put this on the Sixers. It sounds like Fertitta just really didn't want to trade with Morey.
RemindMe! in five months.
You can edit Reddit comments, and since yours is the top comment, you should edit it with the correct numbers.
Seems like stellar analysis to take positive stats as a characteristic of the team and write off negative stats as a fluke
It’s only been like 10 games this season, both teams are working on chemistry
Yep Nets will not lose a single game rest of season. You never the lost in the NBA because they will never turn the ball over again
Dudes a straight baller. Wish I noticed him earlier
He's done it in the past.
dude hes just like a lesser vers of Klay Thompson

kyrie harden KD plus a lesser Klay is straight up godly lmao
Carrying my fantasy team rn honestly
Then imagine Kyrie also shooting like 45% from 3 on wide open shots lolol
I've been saying for over a year now. He's a 6'7 JJ Redick
Yeah, very difficult to rotate a 3rd guy over quickly enough to cover Harris.  Just can't trap harden there.
Harden pnr +tall athletic finisher has always been almost impossible to stop, he made Capela look like a god (he's still good but now he's shooting 8% worse than he did at his peak in houston)
joe harris gotten so much better at slashing and finishing around the bucket. People who only sees him as a 3 guy is disrespectful.
Lol when CP3 was here and feeling it, James was more than happy to defer. See Game 5 vs Jazz in 2018. 

James Harden is probably the most unselfish player that has been labeled a ball-hog/selfish ever. He got such a bad rep by NBATwitter/Reddit.
Pretty sure almost every criticism of it not working has to do with Kyrie not accepting being a third wheel to two much better players
Who said that???? Harden is known for not taking the last shot, its one of his biggest criticisms. Whoever said that is an idiot.
Lol seriously. The Bucks let up 125 points and their 5 is packed with elite defenders. 

But also I’d like another big.
You can defend Kyrie. You can defend Harris. You can’t do anything to stop Harden or KD. You wanna double someone? You’re asking for us to rain 3’s.
Points go brrr
That's what I've been saying lol
Don’t need defense when you drop 130 a game
I mean that defense nearly did cost them the game at points. But like you said when you have KD and Harden you have enough firepower to win it when it gets down to the wire.
This game proved both of those takes correct. Y’all still gave up 120
Yes and also the other answer is whoever they pick up with their 3 open roster spots, Mini-MLE and DPE.
But who will guard Giannis?
Call Draymond Green! Call Draymond Green!

...but not for me
Anyone who has ever said that does not watch basketball games
"Fuck r/nba"

- DeAndre Jordan
Ok. Saved, we gonna see how bad this take is in a few months
People acting like they're dominating the league right now lol
Yeah where the fuck has that thing been? He’s already had more midrange and floaters than his entire MDA era
The brooklynOKC rocketSuns are going for it. Nash/Amare/MDA from the suns. Harden/MDA/Green from the rockets. KD/Harden/Green/Adam Harrington from okc.
lmao it's two players from the Rockets, this isn't the Timberwolves
Could say the same thing about all those easy pullups that KD missed. He missed quite a bit too.
Yea also there’s the Kyrie wildcard
You gotta understand this super team iteration has no defense so their games are naturally gonna have a lot of points and be close at times. But you can bet in the 4th quarter the Nets will pull away with their more reliable offense. Not to mention this is without Kyrie.
Us Nets fans love the respect the team is getting with the national TV games. But you all don't realize how big a drop it is going from the Nets announcing crew (which is best in the game) to the TNT clowns. It is legit painful.
I remember the days when I wanted more Nets games on TNT but now I don't just because I want to hear our broadcast team.
I’m so fucking angry after this game. Why aren’t the Nets the dumpster fire I was told they were supposed to be?!?
Don't stress. I'm pretty sure KD, Harden and 3 G leaguers could beat any 5 players on the planet in a 7 game series.
You should be careful. Kyrie is a profesional and look how hard it's being for him to get back into conditioning. Ease yourself into it.
Can confirm
Not the worst way to go. Sign me up!
I don't see PG in either team
I weirdly think we match up better against you than against the Bucks
\>tfw you have a game winning 3 rattle out and the opposing team is already talking shit
Yeah. Almost want Kyrie taking shots out of the hands of Harden and KD
That was without Durant and Harden though.
Oh shit. I didnt realize their record was so bad this year lol my bad
There shouldve been an extra 6 seconds too
Did pretty much exactly this last year against the Heat, I’m still not sure whether Middleton air balled a jumper or threw the oop but Giannis tipped it in at the buzzer either way. Shit was wild.
That would have been the best play 100%. You don’t want Giannis on-ball since you can just foul him, but you do want him to be able to score. Nets also either close with small ball or DJ and both of those can’t stop a Khris-Giannis lob play.
That was the play but for some reason the shooter just yeeted it. Giannis must have been furious.
That’s what happened last season in our home game opener, middleton shot a 3, it came out and Giannis tipped it in to go into OT. I thought that might be coming but Giannis was at half court for this play for whatever reason.
He's done this before except for a win! Pretty sure middleton airballed it rather than passed it. Was 2-3 years ago. I think.
STOP THE CLOCK
maybe you should demand your best player to do more than a tip in when you're in clutch time instead of trying to make middleton into superman
Nope.
They would have to wait a full 23 hours, 59 minutes and 54 seconds to get that time back on the clock
Honestly Fuck the refs, they’re either cheating or too incompetent to assure a fair match. This shit is WWE tier of realness as far as I’m concerned
Yeah! 

You could tell he was screaming too. 

Ref was lagggging
Terrible broadcast. They cut a minute of the end of the game too, just to show ads.
Basically the Milwaukee version of Landry Shamet
It aint weird. Just give the Jazz credit. 

People ridiculed Rubio’s defense then but it did throw a wrench in houston’s offense.
Same series where rubio is guarding him from behind right?
He was fouling the fuck out of harden and they wouldn’t call it
And that weird Warriors series where Draymond destroyed the capela pick n roll and removed the lob threat
tbh hes been more jacked in the past. hes not nearly as fat as people claim he is but at 2016-19 he was actually so ripped and huge. he looks  alittle chub now. I'm sure he'll work himself back into shape.
Harden & KD literally took turns abusing the Bucks in the 3rd. It was only close cuz Holiday played an amazing 3rd quarter and Giannis played nearly the entire 2nd half without rest.
i noticed that! lmao i was like at least Nash is fucking ensuring there's one all time great scorer on the court at all times
Or that moment down in the 4th when Harden missed the three and the Nets got the rebound back and into Durant's hands for the smooth 3 from the top of the key.
Clearly you're supposed to fill your team out with less talented scorers so that the main guy has the ball all the time
The first time it was said was really the year after Harden led the league in assists too

People...
this is all without kyrie who theoretically will initiate the offense a bunch
I had a guy this offseason tell me Harden doesn't influence the game with his passing. "He isn't a bad passer but he definitely isn't great"
I think it's a matter of diminishing returns. Harden/KD as a duo would work better than Kyrie/KD as a duo since Harden is much better than Kyrie is. A lot of the questions that come up are usually directed if/when Kyrie comes back to the lineup, since KD and Harden might not get the same number of shots considering Kyrie would need at least 15 shots a game to keep happy. Harden and KD are hyper efficient which is why having the majority of the possessions with them on ball is good, but Kyrie just isn't as efficient as these two guys are.
If I had to guess where the idea itself originates from in its most concentrated sense it would probably be Kobe/Shaq, which I think the assumption is while they’re were dominant together and both major scorers, there was a tension between them that eventually caused the split which if they would’ve stayed a duo they could’ve torn through the league even more than they had.  

So with that, if Kobe and Shaq can’t get it to work right, how can any other ball-dominant duo get it to work right?  And then you always add in the other flavored criticism and off-hand comments about ball hogs and etc.  I also think it’s to combat the casualness that comes from things like people making lineups of the 5 best scorers and acting like that team would score 200+ on any team it goes against, so you make counter arguments just for the sake of combating that and they begin to bleed into practical conversation.
It was a lazy narrative that 3 ISO guys who average 5 assists would just pound the ball playing with each other which makes no sense. KD can pull up on anyone and when Harden uses efficient dribbles the D collapses in seconds lol. Just wait for Kyrie to come back and he’ll be getting the easiest shots of his career
is this by average? by totals harden is 6th or so, there's a few ahead of him
Even if they are not great shooters, it would work as long as they are that good, just see Lebron and Dwade.
Yes Joe Harris is indeed a star
Yeah, it's a pretty simplistic argument for sure. Cause a lot of the time these superstars don't run plays all the time cause it would just get too exhausting, so when you get 2 of them together you just switch up who's in charge depending on game time and who's feeling it. Think Kyrie is the one who will be feeling the lack of touches, and he's pretty useless on defense so I think he's gonna be the one who's detrimental to the team
Ball dominant? The guy who played with another ball dominant player and won a ring?

Ball dominant doesn't matter when you you are an elite shooter off it, it's only a problem when you are a Westbrook and useless off ball
If Kyrie can survive playing with LeBron, he can play with Harden.
fr i’m tired of the overreactions
I hate you guys :( 


You guys just gotta ruin our party isn't it :(
Ah God dammit.
The Bucks schemes offense and defense look horrible. Idk what Bud is doing, but it looks wrong.
He played Giannis 40 in this game, I think he'll be a bit more willing to play Giannis those big minutes after failing with his old method.
Nets didn't even have Kyrie and Harden just got there a few days ago. I think they can close Bucks out earlier.
Playoff B
Nets in 6 then, with the Bucks losing 3 in a row to end it?
Joe Harris is gonna think he has super bad breath with the amount of space he’s gonna have to shoot 😂
He's open on every single play, it's absurd. 

Credit to him because he plays scrappy defense too.
You could see he was actually a bit shaken up on those Harden\Harris pick and rolls where they fucking doubled Harden and didn't rotate to him. Harden passed RIGHT AWAY, but Joe was still shook that they've actually left him all alone for a straight on 3.
Didn't george hill lead 3P% last year at 46?
Nah he won’t be able to play that physical for 36 minutes at center
We did lose some depth. We have more shooting, despite how we shot tonight, but the bench definitely isn’t as strong as in years past. I think we’re gonna rely on the buyout market for a vet or two if we can’t swing some small trades.
Imagine McGee winning like 4/5 of the last rings lol
Not even just that it was that outside LBJ/AD everyone was trash.


Nets starting five is crazy good esp with Kyrie back. Bucks are a top defensive team and they got shredded. Sure nets can't defend but if they score enough to keep it close (which is almost certain). Having Kyrie/Harden/Durant closing is unfair. No team has that many closers and worse at such an elite level.
yeah people forget so quickly
Almost nobody knew Dwight and Rondo would turn out to be so serviceable at the end stages of the playoffs. Show me one person who thought Dwight would be the Lakers starting center on the WCF and finals lmao
Everyone hated KCP until he turned into the Lakers' third best player vs Denver and Miami. Guys will step up, esp with those 3 scorers opening things up. Harris, Green and Shamet are capable for sure
Turnovers bro..
And it started off so well with 2 wet jumpers then it was all down hill lol
[deleted]
That makes sense for that last play since they were down 2, but not for the entirety of the last 4 minutes
hmmmmmmmmmmmmm i think that's a significant flaw for a team wanting to win a championship.
6/8 on the line tonight 😤

Pls everybody, talk about that and forget his previous night ......
Giannis should be the 5; as the rolling P&R man and playing around the high/low post and short corner. Occasionally switching out to the perimeter, switching Lopez to the stretch 4. Ball in his hands in transition
Explain how he’d do that in crunch time when he’ll just get hacked rolling and shit himself at the stripe
Ironically that’s exactly what we needed on that final play
Why cant he?
Kyrie and Giannis are two completely different players who are both in the upper echelon of *great* players. I don’t think it’s fair to say one is better than the other
I don't understand how Bucks can't get a decent roll or a deep post position for him. Or at least use that threat to get something for Middleton. On paper, Middleton Giannis P&R looks like such a beast that would break even the best defenses.
My favorite /r/nba meme is that Giannis is some kind of one-dimensional scorer who can be schemed against completely ignoring that every single team tries to run Toronto's wall against him and he still averages 30. Just crazy to me how little this sub watches basketball.
Kyrie got shut down in the playoffs the last time he played the Bucks lol
oh I meant against the nets
[deleted]
Yeah not even a question, I like jrue but Kyrie gives our offense such a ridiculous level of heat and allows us to stagger at all times
They can’t be helped.
And fucking Pat
A perfect game for DJ’s standards though.
Harden also threw like 3 or 4 lobs to him that he didn't have a chance at lol
Yeah DJ's defense is Soo bad. Like they have very little interior presence they need an upgrade there badly
How do you feel about him being required to play 37 minutes? Is that ideal or sustainable?
harris can definitely replicate this, he had a bunch of open looks he can hit those. Green will not shoot 4/5 obviously. He has improved as a shooter tho, if he can keep up 38% and at least force teams to respect him on the perimeter we'll be golden. 

The other side of the coin is that nets had so many turnovers. They shot very well but they gave the bucks 12 more possessions with a 17-5 turnover margin.
Just need a center
I feel like dedmon is a little old, he didn’t look good on the kings. Dieng can shoot and is just big which is what we need
OH LAWD
And Joe Harris
I’m not convinced he raises this team’s ceiling much
Whose this center you guys can sign that’s better then DJ?
I bet Sean Marks is just waiting for Drummond buyout, he's probably already asking KD & Harden to recruit him.
Harden makes that guy look like an MVP lmao
29% from three
Yeah if you make shots you win. It’s basketball. You missed shots so you lost
If the nets don't turn the ball over 20 times...
I'd still give him the benefit of doubt. Foul trouble with the possibility of Overtime was probably in his head
THIS IS THE WAY
That wasn’t an ugly W. Y’all played perfectly. Unbelievable games from Green, Harris, and DJ.
Well I'm not on the team and I don't necessarily disagree. This Nets team is ridiculous on paper.
We are the best team in the nba
I mean... if they average 120+ a game they’re going to win more than they lose. 

They’re the Reverse Spurs. I’m pretty sure they’ll be in the ECF at the very least.
It also didn't become a cliche from basketball
Clips defense was exploited because they relied on 2 or 3 bad defenders. And you think Nets defense won't be exploited when most of their defenders are bad?
So what? He had 34 and we traded buckets all quarter. Why should we force Giannis in that situation if other stuff is working?
yeah im not disagreeing w you, just read your comment then looked at his stats in HOU this season and was like damn even then he still put up 25 and 10 on 45% from the floor
It would have likely been Harden, Giannis, and Middleton.
Jordan’s bulls would have done no better.
he’s not wrong but still arrogant asf
AD is MVP caliber
5 came from DJ tho. I didn’t watch the game but what’s that about? Is he a big passing piece in the offense?
Turnovers are just apart of Hardens style... You don't get the amazing highlight reel passes without the really stupid turnovers.
Just like her
Hasn't Harden always been a high assist, High turnover kinda guy tho?
Harden is consistently a league leader in turnovers. That’s not a concern, most of the best passers in the league are. They make up for it by getting the ball to high danger areas more likely than not
Uh turnovers and Harden go pair in pair haha I still think the Nets will have a high number of turnovers regularly
ignore these guys, it was a great regular season game wont have much impact on the playoffs. The only thing i take away from this as a nets fan is that perhaps DJ can be a bit useful as a defender against giannis, I was worried hed be trash but he held his own at times even tho giannis still ate. I also took from it that bucks defenders can definitely bother durant, the attack of jrue, giannis, middleton, divenzo even were all giving him some annoyance with their swipe downs. 

I also think brook will be an xfactor. the nets got away with stashing smaller guys on him and then didnt get crushed on the boards. Then since we have so many insane pick and pop players in durant/harden and eventually kyrie im just not sure how hes gonna be able to play drop against us. We have to see if we can hold up against a giannis small ball attack, because the speed of that lineup might just run DJ off the floor. 

Anyway its gonna be a fun series. Man im not ready for this shit nets havent had a serious series with expectations in so long this game was so intense.
Seems like stellar analysis to pick the bucks as favourites only to lose to the 5 seed
One is brand new with a lot of their (star) players never having played together before, let's not pretend it's the same situation.
Cope
Lmao
Way more than just a 3 point shooter.
The whole league should have taken notice the year he won the 3pt shooting contest AND had the highest 3pt percentage in the NBA. He’s scary, and he’s only our fourth option.
He’s such good dude too. So many people were questioning why we gave him so much money, but he deserves every bit of it. He’s been a massive part of the Nets culture change.
Joe Harris is straight up not as good in the playoffs. He’s a much better regular season dude.
Harris isn't bad defensively like Redick
he plays more like Schoeder than Redick
Idk why they didn’t just switch I’ll take my chances 1 on 1 with help rather than an uncontested sniper
The Harden-DeAndre PNR was actually kinda suspect because Harden thought he was playing with prime DJ and airmailed it like 3 times (Harden had 6 TOs in the 1st half), but dude immediately adjusted and ran it really well in the 2nd, didn't have another TO, and fed DJ some super easy dunks. Although for some reason Bud kept on playing drop back defense with Lopez and denying the outlet and just let Harden spam floaters on the Buck's face all game.

Harris is actually our combo guard haha, D'Antoni is basically doing the Harden-Eric Gordon PNR, except Harris is shooting like 50% on 3's and (in my mind) like 90% on uncontested 3's, which have been coming in droves since Harden got here.
Not only NBA Twitter and Reddit. The big media heads on ESPN and TNT hate him. Shaq, Chuck, Greenberg, Kellerman, Shannon, Cowherd, Windhorst, Bill Simmons & Lowe always shitting on his game.

Of all the big heads, only Perkins, Webber, SAS & Nick Wright respect him.
This...I'm from Toronto, rooting for bk nets to silence all the "harden is a cancer casual nba fans"!! Go nets!
Seriously. It’s like people just saw him play when Dantoni joined y’all and they never watched Harden before. He’s never been a selfish player anyone who watched him in OKC and early Rockets would know that. His passing is also underrated it’s a strength of his game
Harden is like if Iverson was able to keep quiet.
Lol
In all honesty, it’s because he’s boring to watch and I still won’t take that back post trade. His game is very repetitive, he’s an absolutely incredible player but people want to hate him because he looks like he’s sleepwalking into 35+ point games.
One Thon Maker coming right up
Take Baynes for a first rounder and a big mac
Honestly I feel like y’all needa target a raw athletic big who will be focused purely on catching lobs and playing defense because they focused on the ring.
Bucks also gave up 130 to the Knicks...
Two best ISO players in the league + Kyrie who's an offensive monster as well. What the fuck do you do on defence lmao, impossible to guard.
Honestly the only thing stopping this team is Kyrie coming in and ruining the chemistry and making an awkward environment because he doesn't want to be the 3rd option. Because offensively with "just" KD and Harden this team is already ridiculous.
Your comment read like a poem.
Kyrie has arguably the greatest handles of all time, and is practically unguardable himself to be honest. 

Having 3 of the League's best iso players is going to be insanely difficult to stop. Cant leave KD open- he'll splash from anywhere. Can't leave Harden open either with his stepback 3 and insane driving ability. Leaving Kyrie Irving open is not recommended either, man can get past anyone with his insane handles, can shoot rly well, and his finishing is insane. And dont even get me started on Joe Harris's shooting ability. Literally 4 of the Nets players cannot be left unguarded. Quadruple Threat
Tell that to the Wizards
It proved it don’t matter if you still walk away with the W
I wouldn't go that far lol, but the reason that argument is flawed is because this game is played around percentages and what you can do to maximize shooting efficiency. Sure theres only one ball, but if having more iso players means all their shooting efficiencies go up (from less double teams and split defenses) you will score more points. Plain and simple.

That's why having one iso player by himself doesn't seem like a great asset becuase it's seen as one dimensional. But if you have 3...
Sounds good. And don’t blame injuries because you guys have two of the most injury prone guys in the league
> Yeah where the fuck has that thing been?

He's been shooting floaters in Houston for a couple of years now, actually.  If I recall, it was a fairly big addition to his game in the 18-19 season.
[deleted]
???

He’s been raining in 4-5 floaters a game for years now.

Go watch a game he played against the Raptors when Kawhi was there.

He shot something like 7-8 in the fourth and all of them were floaters.
It's always been there. I remember he used it a lot in the Jazz series because they always gave him the.open lane for him to challenge Gobert to prevent his step back 3.
TLC had an OKC stint too
Trevor Ariza probably going to come in as well to add another from the Rockets.
Same I just tried to watch the highlights and all I could hear was Marv Albert's fucking breathing.
Turns out having good players is good.
Having 2 of the top 5 best players in the world in your starting 5 good
you guys will adjust. I think a decent strategy is to have giannis screen at the top of the 3 for middleton and force DJ to come up on that 3. Could force DJ off the floor. DJ was decently effective against giannis in the paint even though giannis still had a great game. Then defensively you'll be cleaner onthose switches with harden/harris though that action is insanely hard to defend. Im very scared of the bucks still, our weaknesses could be amplified in a playoff series.
Bro it's Harden and Giannis. It's was a fun game, but I'm betting on the 76rs and Celtics.
We’ll certainly see. We have no answer for Embiid and Ben is going to come in handy on defense but the rest of your team are going to be irrelevant.
I think Boston and Philly are better lol 

giannis just isn't skilled enough. he's nba lamar jackson
“I won’t shoot 7/22 again” shoots 7/23 next game
Yeah at one point the announcers were saying what do you do if it's Durant at the top of the key and Kyrie he's passing to. I was like, hope Kyrie is the guy who ends up shooting? Obviously?
Yea they stopped the clock way after Middleton had already signaled for a timeout.
[Video](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/dnlqoh/highlight_giannis_saves_the_game_and_forces/)
Perfect
[Best I can do...](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clockstoppers)
I’m guessing red was watching Giannis (since ball went to him) and wondering why he wasn’t calling time.
Ha, pretty much.
Utah played great defense. They just couldn't score convert on the other end
Why would you play defense when you can just mount him from behind 

-Quin Snyder
tbf multiple players looked chubbier after quarantine and the bubble and what not. not the majority, but still some
Yea it's crazy I thought Bud would never play his stars more than 32 minutes, but here we are and they're all almost at 40, he's definitely changing. Although Bud did keep on operating a drop defense vs Durant and Harden so guess he didn't change all his old habits.

I think once Harden starts figuring out where his teammates are and gets into the flow of things and doesn't turn the ball over so much (the Bucks had a ridiculous 20 more shots) the Nets will really start gelling.
Harden played 40 mins too to be fair. it was a very fun game, NBA needed a nice one on MLK day in primetime with the biggest stars.
Found Fertitta
we literally haven’t seen kyrie play with them
Lebron was shooting like 38-40% in Miami from 3
You can say what u want about Kyrie but there’s no arguing he’s ball dominant hell he even somehow took the most shots on the Bron Cavs team
Lmao Kyrie won't just revert into some Kevin Love spot up corner shooter, you know. He's got to have the ball in his hands.
As the 2nd option. Kyrie is the third option now.
Now he's playing with 2 ball dominant players. 2>1 fyi
You underestimate Bron
Lol from what we’ve learned that was more LeBron surviving Kyrie.
Well his old method was straight up fucking stupid. What positives are there for not playing your stars big minutes, in the playoffs? I’ll never understand that ever
No spongebob you’re just ugly
That’s exactly Klay’s situation during the KD Warriors days
He doesn't have to do that in the regular season but in the playoffs he certainly should.
If possible, I'd like him to get 5, only so he could stick it to Shaq for all the Shaqtin highlights
My whole point was that everybody though those guys sucked, but in reality they’re good NBA players and surprised a lot of people, myself included. I could see the same thing happening with these nets
The odds are ridiculous, fair, but Kyrie has already gone on a self-approved sabbatical once this season.
Even on a last possession, you have to involve him somehow. Have to build your superstar’s game
Are you asking how the Bucks would run a PnR in the clutch?
no? nets would just foul the shit out of him, and nets would be delighted having giannis try to make 2 free throws in a row
I think its fair to say Giannis is better than Kyrie.  I would absolutely say that.  However, if I need someone to go create a shot in the last 3 minutes, I’d pick Kyrie.
Except now he has the two best iso players in the league on his team
Yeah but there's a pretty good chance he was throwing that series
The Bucks could focus their defense on him, they can't really do that now. Aside from that series he has always been a very efficient scorer.
You mean another chip? Harden is the only one without a ring
You don't even have to play Kyrie ,trade him and you will get lot of assets ,he is locked in for 3 more years . It would be funny if y'all trade ass back to Cleveland and get Allen and Nance lol .
i mean pat was 60% from deep with a +/- of 11
Pat was great, probably his best game this season.
Yeah I feel like trying to get him to do more than that just complicates things for everyone else. Simple wins are still wins.
Ideal? No. I don't want him to play 3.7 minutes. Sustainable? In the sense that it increases the probability he gets hurt and thus is replaced by any other center, then yes
we dont need shooting we just need someone who can catch lobs.
Lmao
I know you don't like him, but you're insane if you don't think he makes this team even better
dumbass
Talk to Cleveland, they seem to be collecting them recently...
Dedmon seems like the most talented guy available. Would be thrilled if they swung a trade for McGee
The only one missing was Middleton. 

Brook Lopez is about a 30% shooter so he missed one extra.

KD also shot under 50% which never happens.
seriously, this thread is full of so many "well they only won by 2" "well if middleton makes that last shot its OT" "well if the Bucks make more 3s they win" yeah, and if my grandma had wheels she'd be a bike
It wasn’t pretty when we blew the 10+ point lead and the last 5 minutes were back and forth leads but overall it showed we can beat a top team in the league
This is the worst the nets will look all season it will only get better,

No practice
No kyrie
Ahahahahahahaha
Yah hes mastered offense tbh loool
That didn't work. Cap dictated it had to be Middleton and Lopez but I see your point.
Valid point. Lebron is on the tail end of his career though. Its a much different scenario than losing to a team when youre up 3-1 then joining them the next season.
He did dish out some good assists, but his job is mainly being the lob guy. But then he missed lobs too. DJ is just not working so far.
He’s been trying to show off his passing skills since dallas and it always results in a negative assists to turnover ratio lol. Nash is gonna have to tell him to cut that shit out and just dunk
i think kyrie will help. He's extremely low turnover and will help take the ball a bit out of harden/durants hands, both of them are very turnover prone.
Yeah, great game! I’m really happy for you guys and excited to see your success
I’m sorry you’re upset you lost harden; but shaking your fist at anyone who will listen isn’t going to help
Underrated rebounder and decent defender who puts the effort in. Perfect fit for this team as a low key but major part of the spacing
That was also the season he was second behind Lebron for conversion rates on drives to the rim. As big and physical as he is, anyone who doesn't watch Nets games assume he's a one dimensional shooter because he looks like a Brooklyn lumberjack hipster.
And people said he was overpaid when we gave him the 20 mill contract lol
Lebron, Luka, Giannis, Joe Harris.

Four all-time great players showing us how hard free throws really are.
Nets are so gross offensively
5th when diwiddie plays
Well... 3rd lol
I don't know what I'm going to do if Joey Buckets leaves us
Only? It’s not like you guys have much of a team lol. He is the fourth and last option.
Yeah that's when I noticed the dudes a killer from 3.

I thought it was kinda weird I never saw any posts about him tbh
Like dennis Schroeder? Nah I don't see that. The way he moves off the ball and comes off screens does one dribble pull ups and two dribble pulls ups reminds me of Redick. Joe really built himself up
The guy switching from Harris to Harden is going to be a huge mismatch 9 times out of 10 for Harden.

It's a lose/lose for sure.
because james harden is the guy who then gets a one on one with a weaker defender. They did start switching it in the second half and harden went to the rim for easy buckets. I agree tho its the better strategy you cant just let joe harris bomb threes he will hit those at 50% if hes wide open.
yeah one of harden's greatest attributes is that he makes some of the best reads in the league when it comes to playmaking. he has amazing court vision and is great at decisionmaking and picking whether to shoot or pass. harden offense definitely isn't all FTs like it's memed to be
> only Perkins, Webber, SAS & Nick Wright respect him.

And when those guys respect you, they do more damage to your reputation.
Yep, now he’s leading the league in assists per game at 10.9. I never understood how the media could ever even argue he didn’t pass, I blame Giannis for his stupid “I want someone who passes” comment.
People just don’t like this sorta chubby strong fat dude who looks like he got out of bed less than 1 hr ago - dropping 40 on their team’s best defender. Simple. We got used to it over the last 8 years. Y’all will too!
His game so far in Brooklyn is beautiful, I have no idea what you're talking about lol
Lol the Nets won’t have a first rounder to trade for a very long time. A second rounder and some NY bagels and we’ll call it even?
You talkin shit about the 6 seed?
Joe Harris is a sniper too. And they have Spencer back next season as well. Nets are much better than /r/nba is giving them credit. Even this year, I think they have an okay bench with Jeff Green, Shamet, and TLC.
If DJ just block out and grab boards. It is still really hard to stop them in a series.
Kyrie is also absolutely one of the best iso players. That’s the problem with facing this team in the playoffs. You have three outstanding ball-handlers who can hit shots from absolutely anywhere, break any single defender down, and consistently kill double teams with a drive or pass to an open guy. 

Oh and they’re also terrific free throw shooters and one is among the most prolific free throw shooters ever. 

Good luck if you don’t manage to blow them out.
All Star Game scores all day, everyday baby!
Opposing coaches be like
https://youtu.be/XHpi7I40_sE
How many championships did KD and Harden win in OKC
If I'm Brooklyn I definitely consider trading Irving. This team looks so good without him.
Seems like you still don't realize Harden won't mind taking a back seat role between these 3. He's gonna do what is objectively the best for his team depending on who's playing well. If nobody's doing well, he's obviously gonna step up and get points the best way he can. But until then he will absolutely get his teammates involved and let Kyrie do his thing because this is what he has wanted; teammates that can score.
 But why is the notion that Kyrie will be mad even a thing? It feels kinda weird and almost disrespectful to just assume stars are gonna be big babies about their baskets. 

He came to Brooklyn knowing he wasn’t gonna get the most shots. The whole “he wants to be the man” shit been dead since the moment he got here. Now we preemptively worrying about him wanting 21 shots instead of 18.
Boston 2.0
Any team with Westbrook on it is an asterisk because their stats are meaningless.
Wait whose the second after Kyrie?
I’m a Rockets fan and they were pretty rare. Maybe he’d throw one up a couple times. He started using them more against Warriors for some success but definitely didn’t use them as much as he should
And that’s 1 more than his entire MDA era career lol
Ariza also been on the suns lol
Match checks out.
10/10 critical analysis. Can I hire you to do a basketball show?
Anybody could tell you that. It takes a true basketball mind to tell you that a team of good players is actually bad.
It do be like this.
How is Harden, who went to the Finals, and Giannis, who went to the ECF, worse than Embiid?
I think that's underrating our roster somewhat, we're having a bad stretch but I'd say were fucked over by COVID more than most. A lineup with Ben guarding KD, Matisse on Kyrie and Green on Harden, then either Seth/Embiid or Embiid/Harris handling the bulk of scoring isn't terrible and we have great depth. You'd still be favourite but we could take some games
I fucking hate this sub so much jesus christ. Just melts my brain cells how fucking stupid some people are.
I believe the reason they didn’t add that time back was because you need firm possession of the ball to call timeout whereas middleton just poked it out and started calling time.
Random question: anyone have a clip of Quin Snyder calling out reporters for questioning his tactics? IIRC he basically told them he knows better and that the media know nothing about how to guard James Harden
> Although Bud did keep on operating a drop defense vs Durant and Harden so guess he didn't change all his old habits.

I sadly missed the game, but if it's Brook we are talking about, he can't show properly to the screens. It's better he drops and/or gives a late challenge than he shows and teams abuse him on switches, pops, driving at him when he's away from the rim etc. He's a good contester and block threat around the rim too, so it make even more sense to try to keep him closer to the rim.
KD and Harden are pretty much forced to play over 35 minutes if Kyrie is not around. You really can't leave the court with at least one of them on.
and that’s why it’s fuck Fertita forever.
Kyrie can be ball dominant because he's an elite shooter
And he will have it, while one of KD/Harden sits and even with both on the floor he can have it, Harden and KD are elite catch and shooters

All of them will take turns, they can all take 20+ shots it's fine
Meaning he’s gonna get even easier shots?
There is no clear 1st, 2nd, and 3rd options on this team. Whoever is hitting shots will keep getting the ball. You saw how the Nets ran the offense at the end of the game today right? Harden was hitting his shots so he got 3 plays in a row. Then KD had 2-3 plays in a row after that. This is how it'll be run. You don't need to have clear tiers of who is first option, who is second, who is third. NBA basketball doesn't work that way
Not in his mind... bro you talking Kyrie here...
No, it’s 1. KD isn’t a ball dominant player. Did you not watch him at all in Golden State, where he got plenty of open catch-and-shoot shots or open lanes? Or did you not even watch today’s *game*? Where KD was sharing the ball with Harden and actually made several FGs assisted by other Nets, including Harden?
lol true, but the point stands. 

If he can bare being one of LeBron's minion, he'll do fine with Harden. Harden had no problems cohabitating with CP3 until CP3 stopped beating his man off the dribble.
Indeed, Klay Thompson is a glorified Joe Harris.
Yawn. 

This narrative tired
Imagine giving a guy the max but not wanting to let him have the ball in crunch time.


No I’m not salty
He isn’t consistently the league leader in and-1s for no reason
They should’ve just fouled the shit out of him all night on his way to 34.

There was also no one near him to foul on the last play. He had a wide open dunk if Middleton was able to pull off the pass.
When Kyrie is feeling it, not so many players are better for that last few shots than him. Especially considering most guards are there for their offense, not defense. Whereas we have plenty of wings and bigs that are elite defenders.
Why doesn't this argument apply to Giannis, when every team that faces Bucks throw their whole lineup at him? To the point that their defensive rotations look way messier once he sits (I'm talking playoffs, regular season he feasts as usual). Being one dimensional isn't a big issue when you are so good at that thing that they need to commit half the team to stop that one thing. It's about your offensive schemes and players hitting their shots at that point.

However, Bucks still didn't show if they can generate a reliable, efficient offense against the walls where 2 extra players shadow Giannis. And realistically, that's on the coaching staff rather than the players.
Yeah and idk if old ass dedmon is gonna be able to do that, ik dieng can
Yea like if you think about just pure basketball reasons every minute he's on the floor Landry Shamet isn't haha
Kyrie has become underrated on this sub. 

Just replace Shamet with Kyrie and this team is already significantly better.
We were really bad during some of those durant only lineups. KD + Kyrie has been an unstoppable two man pairing this year. if kyrie was on the floor for that time we probably do very well.
Dedmon has had one good season in his whole career were he got lucky from 3. He's washed.
You are the top team in the league... It’s championship or bust.
It's also a win where Harden hasn't practiced with the team yet, and they already look this good. I came into this game expecting them to be uncoordinated against the Bucks defense but they looked really good. For the first time in a while, Harden isn't getting double teamed all game and it's amazing to see.
I took this as “we took a super team with 2 HOFers to the wire and lost by 2” if the refs don’t fuck us on that time out we may be in OT. 

Good game. It’ll be really interesting when Kyrie comes back. Can’t wait!
Oh definitely, but also let's not act like he's an old man the motherfucker could probably still win MVP this year smh.
I read an article about DJs lobs with Dinwiddie last year and they had the same problem since DJ is unique in that he wants the lobs early instead of late like most bigs maybe partly due to age. So hopefully after a couple practices Harden can adjust from Capela/Wood to DJ
Also surprisingly a great finisher.
“He’s white and lanky and looks harmless, he must be a 3 and D guy. Discount JJ Redick.”
WE KNEW. These Nets are a problem man. (Obviously not for you lol)
Same with Ingles. Those two have so much more to their games than just spot ups but 90 % of fans will die on the hill convincing you otherwise.
I think din will be on the bench and Harris will be a starter. But din would still be our sixth man unless Bruce brown takes that job by force
Out for the entire year
surely you give harden a look at two and a potential and one rather than letting joe fucking harris shoot uncontested threes?
yeah we got used to this. nephews will eventually too lmao
He has that michael jordan recovery/stamina going out partying coming back the next day in game shape no issues
I just don't like jumping into defenders to cheese 3 FTs half the time, but Harden is far from the only guy in the league doing that lol
Toss in some Dinosaur BBQ and you got a deal. Some of the best wings I've had.
Dinwiddie hinted on Twitter that he’s looking to come back in April. He hasn’t been ruled out for the season officially.
Joe Harris has a well rounded offensive game. He can finish near the basket too, and is a solid cutter.

I think the main problem is they don't have enough bigs without Jarrett Allen. In the first 7 mins of the 3rd quarter, DeAndre literally didn't make it back on offense to inside the 3 point line 5 times by my count. He was basically power walking and then just stopping if the play looked like an iso. Hopefully he's coasting and can turn it on a little more in the playoffs but that seems unlikely.
I think it’s denial. People don’t want to believe a better super team then the warriors just formed under our noses. This team doesn’t get an iota of the hate they deserve.
everybody saying he's shit, but not really....that's all he needs to do and it's enough. Plus, he's an experienced guy, he'll rev it up in the playoffs. These Nets are scary man.
Harris is an average ft shooter and DJ is notoriously one of the worst in the league. But everyone else is lethal.
You think the Lakers can handle them though, right?
I mean, we looked good but there were also stretches where we had only harden out there with the bench lineup and it didn’t really go great for us. It was clear a second ball handler and shooter was needed, and kyrie is those two things. Plus, in the playoffs you need all the shots you can get. Sure we can trade for Jeremi Grant and get good defense and shooting and even a bit more but he isn’t unguardable like Kyrie, which is very important when it comes to the playoffs.
Exactly he was ISO in Houston not to be a ball hog but because everyone else was relatively unreliable
KD just came off an Achilles injury and has an extensive injury history. Hoping for the best for him though
He shot 400+ floaters in 18-19 and 19-20 combined. That’s about 2-3 times a night.
Of course, I'm just waiting for my show with Skip and Shannon.
harden's finals appearance is an interesting thing to give HIM the credit for lol he's better than embiiid but... come on
It depends if Embid can drop the milkshakes, so far this season it seems like he did. 

Zach Lowe did an interesting analysis for one and for all to determine whether or not Harden is good in the playoffs. He came with a conclusive answer that so far, he absolutely sucked in the playoffs. 

Bucks schemes, offense and defense look horrible. Idk what the f Bud is doing, but they carry over all the mistakes from the Miami series. If Bud is not fixing their play book, they are not making it to the ecf. He is on the hot seat. 

The Celtics team you have seen so far, is not the team you will in the playoffs, at 65% they are stumbling to 1st seed. 

It's a long season bro, but the Nets although having the highest ceiling, are not the super power folks are hyping.
Oh I don’t expect a sweep either, but Shake Milton and Austin Rivers aren’t going to make a noticeable difference. Jojo is gonna have to have a huge game.
The worst part is dumb shit like this is the majority opinion. Just gross
I mean we’ve seen over the past few years that the Bucks aren’t good in the playoffs. Great regular season team but over a series they get out coached and dismantled. I can definitely see how someone would think the Celtics are better.

The Lamar Jackson take is kinda wack tho. Both are skilled players but they both can’t make it to the end of the playoffs despite being mvp caliber players.
Yea I understand why Bud's using the drop defense (we do the same thing with slow ass Jordan), and I know this was just a regular season game so there's no need to switch things up drastically, but the Nets have 3 of the most lethal mid range guys in the league (only 2 this game because Kyrie was out). KD and Harden just ate that mid range all game through short jumpers and floaters, it might as well been a free 2 pts every time.
Right? Do people really think Nash is just going to play Kyrie, KD, and Harden in the same lineup at all times? Apparently people have never heard of staggering lineups. Nash did that in the game we just watched... 

There was that sequence where Harden missed a 3, got his rebound, and passed to a wide open KD for a 3. Imagine if Kyrie was there on the perimeter too. There’s only one ball... but there’s also the possibility of 2 elite shooters *wide open* to receive that ball. That’s a good thing, not a bad thing.
Sure bro... KI won't be taking the last shots... which BTW, isn't necessarily a bad thing. Unless of course it's in the playoffs playing the Bucks.
Taking shots away from 2 better players
Ball dominant doesn't mean you don't pass the ball, it means that the ball has to come to you a certain number of times.  A big part of the falling out in Golden state was because durant stopped buying into the system their second year and started asking for the ball more.  That was the root cause of the blow up between him and draymond green.  But you probably didn't know that because you don't pay attention, thats OK just don't accuse others of it as well.
At this point he's getting a playoffs foul, a total wraparound. It's just the three throws.
Never talked about Giannis though. The same arguement applies to him, I don't really think his playoffs level is the one shown against Miami, he is better than that. Can't really judge a player for only one series.
Anytime a superteam is formed there's a bunch of idiots who are like "it's actually good to have average players instead of all-nba players" 
It's like they're willingly ignoring the entire history of the NBA and who ends up winning titles
If they're not gonna double him we're going to be seeing the Unguardable Tour 2.0
If you watched both games you’ll see that the chemistry improved 500x already since the last game.
Harden has also been seen as liking to throw lobs early, first realized it when Kobe talked about it on the Harden episode of Detail
2 or 3 years ago I read a stat that he was the second best finisher at the rim percentage wise only to.....Lebron James
Yes he is a very good finisher. He hits some nice reverses w multiple defenders coming down on him.
“When he plays” I know buddy
Yes that's what I said after the initial statement. That's the better player even if harden cooks whoever he goes one on one against. You cannot allow Harris to shoot those shots
He hasn’t truly foul baited in the sense of how that term applied to him in previous seasons. He really hasn’t been doing it anywhere close to what y’all used to see back in the day. 

Now go and watch 2021 Luka and Trae lol

They have taken the torch from James easily in this department.
I somehow feel like one of the Cleveland trees finds his way to Brooklyn for a 2nd round pick. like maybe McGee to give them at least some sort of rotation on that position.
DJ pretty much only played when Giannis was in and was prob expecting like 30-32 minutes, he probably felt so betrayed by Bud who played Giannis almost 40 minutes today.
They are going to struggle at the C position, but it wouldn't matter when no team can match the Irving, Harden, KD fire power.
Feel like Harris barely takes enough for us to know if he could be better. Hard to believe a 40% 3pt shooter on high volume is like low 70s.
DJ's actually not one of the worst nowadays, ever since his Mavs days he's been around 70-75% which isn't terrible.
I think the Lakers can beat them of course, but I think we’re looking at a deadly close series in the finals, honestly. I have a lot of healthy respect for this Nets team. 

It’s just a nasty team to have to beat in a 7 game series for all sorts of reason but also because you have to stop them getting to the line, especially at the end of games, and that is going to be rough.
I'm pretty sure KD's just had 2 massive injuries in his career, his foot breaking and his Achilles tear, I'm not sure that labels someone as injury prone. Rudy Gay and Wes Matthews have been really healthy since their Achilles tears, though every athlete is different.
As a bucks fan, I personally think bud is on the hot seat if we don’t Atleast make the ECF. If we don’t, I would hope our management would do their jobs and can his ass Bc 3 years in a row of the same problems with different personal is on the coaching staff
Rivers is on the Knicks mate aha. I'd fully expect you guys to go through tbf, especially if (when) you seen a good C
This guy who "just isn't skilled enough" just dropped 34/12/7 on his team, and he actually still felt good enough with his take that he wasted real life time in writing it out. I don't know how people can even enjoy basketball reading some of the shit they come up with.
You know what, I'm not even going to argue because I'm just going to get pissed. Just know I think your opinion is trash.
Why do people think basketball is this simple? No, he’s not taking shots away from better players because you’re assuming that KD and Harden will always have better shooting nights than Kyrie. KD and Harden can both go cold, especially Harden.

On some nights, he might be the 2nd option because one his co-stars is ice cold from the field. That’s a huge luxury to have Kyrie Irving fill that role.
Man you're really working overtime trying to shit on a team with 3 all NBA players lol
There was also a lot of smoke about KD being unhappy with the amount of shot Westbrook took in OKC. And then Harden had beef with Chris Paul and then Russ in consecutive seasons. And Kyrie forced his way off a championship contender because he didn’t like being 2nd fiddle to the LeBron show and then obviously the Celtics saga. People are acting like these concerns are unfounded.

Obviously on the flip side of that is you have 3 of the best offensive players in the NBA on one team, on paper they should be great.
Sorry about that. Just that it annoys me to see this sub bash him and any other player that "underperforms" - which isn't even criticism most of the time, but rather bashing them for the sake of it. When it really isn't up to a single player to win a series if both teams have passed a talent threshold.
Yea that's pretty true. I mean I definitely have concerns with Kyrie's off court behavior and his general mindset, but by pure basketball logic, having a 27 ppg scorer on 50/40/90 is gonna be a hell of an addition to any team.
Your right and I sold Harden short he’s already adjusted after 1 game and they connected on some nice ones in this game thigh DJ still isn’t ready for the no look passes lol
Oh I don't need any encouragement to hate when Luka and Trae do it lol trust me
Eh. A second is worthless why would we bother
Yeah, it is a bit weird. The thought is that basically he takes so few FTs that he never actually gets into a rhythm for them in games. But his career is 77%, so it is what it is at this point.
If the teams met in the finals the X-factor is the other top 5 player the damn Lakers have and i'm pissed DJ would have to guard him. AD would probably have a Tim Duncan vs the JKidd Nets finals and probably averaging a Quad double and i hate it. Our Big three gotta be on point every damn game to beat the Lakers. I just hope they can do it.
As a warrior fan he’s missed over a month in 2017, including 5 playoff games. He missed over a month in 2018 as well. Of course counting the Achilles and foot break. I’m hoping for the best but man that dude is fragile
Damn you really can’t handle the truth haha. The Bucks need to win an ECF before I can call them the best team in the east because so far they’ve collapsed every time.
"Why do people think basketball is this simple?"

Idk ask people that think the Nets will win a championship with zero defense. 

In every big 3 in history, one of the stars had to take a backseat and their play took a blow because of it. What makes you think this will be any different?
They're last season's Clips all over again. Their flaws won't be exposed until the playoffs when those 3rd string bench warmers and lackluster D are all being targeted/exploited. Nets won't be a true threat until next season when they get ring chasing vets.
Yep, ppl just like to be contrarian and argue about obvious things. The most hilarious example was when the KD to GSW rumors first popped up in the middle of the 2016 season and ppl were like "they're 45-4, why mess with things. I'd rather keep Harrison Barnes and a few bums off the bench" and than we saw how that turned out
You literally got him plus a second round pick and dumped two contracts as the Lakers begged for anybody to take him in order to get space for Gasol . Maybe you get rid of Drummond first instead but the contract is so hard to trade that I saw it a possibility that maybe on of the other trees can go first. Also second round picks aren’t worthless, they can result in solid rotational players or even in rare cases in stars. Just depends on how good the talent evaluation is
We’ll pick up a big by then.
Those fucking garbage Bucks haven't won the ECF in the 2 seasons that they have even been relevant, they are trash!

Imagine your threshold for being a good team means you have to make the Finals lmao
We literally saw this play out less than two years ago with Kyrie. It’s not being contrarian, it’s remembering all those “Holy shit how about the Celtics” takes when they made the ECF without him.
Yeah but unlike the Lakers, we don’t need to dump Javale and he’s been great for us.
I hope so, because we have to hope at least one of our big 3 is on point because we know the team has to counter Playoff Bron too.
I never said they are trash lmao stop getting butthurt. All I said was that they aren’t the best team in the east and they’ve got to prove that they are by finally getting a finals appearance. They are a good team but so far there have been even better teams in the east that outplay them in a series. A lot of that has to do with coach Bud shooting himself in the foot. 

Also 2 years isn’t an insignificant amount of time. Some teams are win now and need to be instantly competitive like the current Nets or the 2018 Raptors, and some don’t.
\#didntloseby40
Nets went from down double digits to blowout reaaaaal quick
Excited for Clax, good to have some youth to develop on this team
If Dinwiddie was still available, man this offense...
Everyone was screaming “Free Beal”, but yet nobody was yelling “Free Vucevic”
8 game win streak, *7 of them without Kevin Durant.
Coming into this game I did not realize Aminu was still in the NBA and after watching the game I’m not sure he should be. Also I always had faith in Shamet, even when he got dropped out of the rotation earlier in the year lol.
That was a first. Never seen an entire half of garbage time basketball before
8 game winstreak lets gooo
The Sixers have been intent to keep their 0.5 game lead since the Nets have come close to taking the first seed
Rare "bad" game for Harden
I now understand the Vuc all star. This dude is playing with nothing rn its sad.
To all the non-nets fans, remember the name Nicolas Claxton. Because in the playoffs you won’t forget it.
Durant/Harden/Kyrie haters in shambles
[The Brooklyn Nets win!](https://streamable.com/wm4jcr)

https://streamable.com/wm4jcr

This team's depth is starting to show itself.  They're gelling more and more, and all this without KD! 

Onto the next one...

*Let's Go Nets!*

**BROOKLYN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**
Went from down 28-18 to a damn near 40 point win.

S C A R Y H O U R S
Jalen Green we coming for you
BK loud and proud tonight. W💫💫season in full swing
We don't talk about the 1st quarter
When superstars are having fun like this you know the league fucked
How did Claxton look? Asking for a desperate fantasy team owner
r/NBA will implode if KD, Harden, and Kyrie win a chip together
8 in a row, motherfuckers.

[LeBron, we coming for you.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjEs9pj_v1Y)
Why don't you say the Magic got annihilated like you did with us?? That's cold bruh smh
Claxton is back baby.
We may never lose again
We’re on fire yo
Nets fans, how is Shamet playing this year? Have liked him since he was in Philly but he keeps being moved around.
Harden played 33 minutes in the first 3 quarters. Not quite sure why Nash did this
Bruh
Trade KD for LeVert, Allen and all the picks back
How is anyone supposed to beat this team Jesus the nets look good
These post game threads have been awfully quiet ever since the Nets started their winning streak
VERY SCARY HOURS 😈😈. Shoutout to ClaxGod as well he played great today!
I am still waiting to once see a game against Magic where Vuc doesnt look like prime Hakeem and absolutely torches us.
KD for gobert
Lmao idk what to tell y’all
Sexy
Uh oh caught chuck with his drawers down
Aminu and Fournier really deserve DPOY nods after the incredible defense they played on the Magic
Claxgod
You do you Kyrie!!
You could tell me Joe Harris was shooting 65% from 3 this year and I'd believe you
I just realized D'Antoni was an assistant coach, so weird seeing him and Harden together again.
Too easy for nets and KD is still out lol
They should trade KD and get more defense.
[deleted]
Remember when they said this nets team would suck? Okay then
KD been on stacked teams his whole career
It's the little things in life
they outscored the magic ~~116~~112-65 to finish the game.
It’s illegal for us to do that, it’s against our culture how tf
4 steals and 2 blocks thats nuts. But only 3 rebounds which is what the team needs, hope that gets up as the season goes on and he can hold his own in defense
That dunk was great too.
Crazy/sad thing is I don't see a role for dinwiddie at this point... I think we are better off trading him for a center,pf or sf if we can
Magic are playing end of bench guys as starters due to how many injuries they have. 

They were never going to be great this season but they have been harder hit by injuries than any other team.
This
We're the most injured team by a wide margin this season, when we were reasonably healthy we were pretty good
vuc to wizards (please somehow)
are the nets better without ~~kyrie~~ kd
Remember Kyrie/Harden being “unplayable because there’s only one ball” as a duo according to our resident r/nba experts
well technically 7 were without him
trade him for a bench
https://streamable.com/cxrvpn

Rip Pop Smoke.
Haven't watched a Nets game in a while, why's he still out? Wasn't it just for Covid protocol? Did KD get hurt
When is he due back?
KD is the most unneeded superstar in history
He’s played like 3 games in the past year
Al Farouq Aminu in NBA 2k13 was fucking GARBAGE. If you were drafted to the hornets he would be complete chucking ass his first year, then you'd have to rely on progs because for some reason his potential was "volatile" back then.
That was all of Christmas Day lol
the last 8 minutes were advanced garbage time.
The Jazz and Lakers game last night was pretty close
And definitely never been on this side of it.
You mean us against Dallas last month ago?
First time here?
Haven't been a Nets fan for long I see
8
Neither team is gonna lose again until they meet in the playoffs 😂
"bad" shooting at 50%.
I think he stopped trying in the third lol
bounce back incoming
He aint even play in the 4th lol
huh? dudes certified nets killer lmao

him and Thomas Bryant lol
I've thought of him as post-up era Brook Lopez for years. Deserving to make it
It took you until this game to realise why Vucevic is an All Star?
When you're paying MCW 20+ minutes a night, you aren't going to win many games.
Yes sir
wait for a couple days lol
you guys don't see to need KD that much. Hows about you trade him to us for a lil bit of depth.

KD for Alex Len and Troy Brown Jr? Can't see a reason you guys don't do it. Solves your depths problem by adding a net 1 player
nEtS bEnCh iS aWfUl
Budget Big 3 

 Harris, Green, Brown

They are the soul of this team. Harden, KD and Kyrie are the role players.
He looked very good all things considered.n That said, I can’t see him getting enough minutes consistently to be fantasy relevant. At least for now
He looked much better than last game. I would expect some inconsistency for a while while he gets his legs back, but I think he could be solid.
He looks good from an NBA standpoint to help the team. I'd drop him from a fantasy standpoint. 6pts, 4rbs, and a block in 10-15min a game probably doesn't do much for fantasy.
I’d pick him up if I were you
We may lose half of them when it happens. *Perfectly balanced, as all things should be*
The sixers scare me more than the lakers
He's hot or cold
Started off absolutely horrible, but has been better lately
Finally playing like the player we traded for. He was so bad in the beginning, but finally become a reliable 3pt shooter. He'll have stretches where just jacks up shots, but doing alot better than he began the season
Decent, hot as of late .. got off to a slow start... now hes either really on or really off
He was "trash" 1st couple of weeks of the season but during the winning streak he has stepped it up
I'm a big minute management guy and I'm not even questioning this anymore. The Nets are apparently using regular season minutes to get Harden in shape lol. Dude was playing 43 minutes regularly when he first got here.
that’s a pretty normal thing for Nash/Harden lol
He was cruising most of the time tbh
Dinwiddie *
Gobert or Drummond, + a 2nd round pick
Between Jazz, Lakers, Philly, and Brooklyn I could see anyone winning it all. I just hope everyone can stay healthy for the playoffs because the West is gonna be so entertaining.
Wasn’t it you guys spreading that BS about not being worried by the Nets when the trade happened because Kyrie/Harden were the two biggest ball hogs in NBA history and the Nets would be an all time bad defence? You guys scared as hell now huh
He looked tired at times I think once he gets his stamina up he will be even better
Not too bad for only 15 min
The team’s rebounding has been fine, much more important that he doesn’t look lost on defense
we are going to need to manage Harden's minutes better next regular season, dude's getting old. Dinwiddie would help a ton with that
Wouldnt he just take all the Shamet minutes?
Do we even really need KD at this point? Trade him for jared allen back tbh.
Trade ~~kyrie~~ KD for role players!!!
I’ve seen this before... 2019 WCF, maybe?
they should trade us kd for lowry
Remember all the journalists like Broussard saying it was never gonna work because too many ball dominant players? Now he's saying they're the hottest team lmao.
I’ve literally never seen a case where too much playmaking has caused a problem. Not once.

Not just with them, but I also heard this Luka/Fox, Russ/Harden, Simmons/any other PG, among various other examples. And yet I still see this opinion on occasion. The other day someone told me that the Wizards shouldn’t draft Cade if they get 1 overall because they already have Russ.
“hear me out guys, should Nets trade Kyrie and assets to the Cavs for Drummond?”
Bitch I’m a thot, get me lit
hamstring...it's clear there's no reason to rush him back right now. they might hold him out until the all-star break.
KD haters so mad rn lol
Uhhh say what now?
Yeah just wiki'd him and didn't realize he tore his meniscus. His numbers before he tore it were absolutely terrible too. Tough situation, that contract looks like a complete liability now even tho it didn't look too bad when it was signed
the last 8 min just became a 3 pt shootout.
Shamwow on fire
Oof I didn’t expect the lakers to beat the jazz without AD or Dennis but I didn’t expect it to be THAT bad
8
We play each on April 14, that's when the swap will happen lol
Well we play them in 6 weeks so
He had 17/5/5 at halftime, lol, he just brought them back into the game and then said “you guys don’t need me anymore”
He took like 10 seconds fetching the ball at one point after a made basket casually letting the game clock roll. Committed like 3 turnovers in a row trying to force alley-oops and make highlights. Led to an Orlando run.

**Checks scoreboard**

Nets still up by 25
Ik he is, but watching the rest of his team is eye burning.
Add Kanter to that list
Vucevic was always one of those centers that gave Brook so many issues. 

Ilyasova and Vucevic, frontcourt all-time Nets killers
No I knew why, but watching him play now with the current players around him makes me understand his argument versus Sabonis, Bam, etc...
So many magic fans defend him to the death and it drives me nuts. He’s awful. Even for backup point guard standards.
we won 8 straight and have a pretty soft schedule coming up. We seem to be taking the poor teams more seriously lately.
fuck staggering minutes, they can stagger games. Any team where you can have one of durant, harden, or irving on the field at all times cant really be considered shallow imo.
Do you see him eating into DJ's minutes even KD and Green are back?
Nah bro, you’re doing it wrong if you ain’t afraid of Lebron in the playoffs
I feel like there’s almost an annual ritual of disrespecting lebron around every spring....

We all know how that ends lol
If they get Lowry, I'll sweat. If they're playing Ben Simmons 35+ minutes a night, BBQ chicken.
the harden effect.
Harden consistently plays the most minutes every season though. You guys are overblowing this out of shape thing, he looked the same as he always has at the beginning of the season. He just wears layers and his posture makes his belly stick out.
I’d do KD for Din
I don't see Nets dropping a single game if healthy. I don't like the triple bitchy diva squad but can't help feeling like they're going to walk to the easiest chip ever.
Me? No I said nets would go to the finals and steamroll through the east once they got harden
Yea I really hope so. He can be the missing piece, feel like he's got the exact body type we need, big but decently mobile
went too hard at the strip club last night thanks to harden, probs
Kyrie?  Can stagger Kyrie and Harden’s minutes and add another 3 point sharp shooting wing.
Yeah, the Nets will definitely need Dinwiddie in the future. It's ridiculous to assume that he'll somehow be superfluous next season...he could legitimately compete for 6MOY.
They should get Beal and Bonga
Is it not true, though?
Broussard is usually one of the more objective ones out there to be fair, and he did call the Harden PG, Kyrie SG roles right after the trade when most other guys in sports media apparently didn’t even seem to know Harden could pass.
i think russ harden and lebron wade are examples that didnt work as well as youd hope. lebron and wade made it work but they didnt really complement each other. Kyrie/durant are both great off ball because of their shooting, and kyrie is also a solid cutter.
oh thanks, yeah with his history def go 100% cautious.
Not really, his career path is just legitimately hilarious
I mean with the way they were playing heading into that, it was hardly a surprise
Tie
Entire roster died 😞
Ish Smith too
not tryna be rude, but that was one of the worst rosters ive seen on the floor in a minute. felt like Vucevic was the only nba caliber guy on ur entire roster tn even tho ive seen ross do well before obviously.
So many fans defend him because (like a lot of guys on our roster right now), he's being asked to do way more than he's actually capable of.

He's a defense and energy guy off the bench, not a starting point guard.
yeah i know but people will find things to hate bout this team no matter what lmao
they simply do
we're scoring 1.17 points per possession with every combo of kd/kyrie/harden on the floor either together or alone. Its like the rockets with cp3/harden on steroids. In the playoffs we'll probably stagger it so there are 2 guys out there at all times.
I can see him cutting into DJ’s minutes but not Green’s
He should, but I don’t think he will unfortunately. Would love to be wrong about that though
If I had Durant I wouldn’t be afraid of LBJ either
7 out of 11 times, not the way LeBron would like.
Nah it’s totally valid to be more afraid of Embiid than LeBron or your only real center is like DJ.
Maybe you're right but I thought it was weird. Wasn't a fan of him playing 40+ minutes on a team with 2 other stars. Nash also kept saying he was out of shape lol. Not just fans making fun of his weight. He looks great though so clearly he's used to it.
you were saying a month ago that youre excited AD and lebron gonna have open layups against the nets
Well the vast majority of that BS was coming from Laker/Lebron fans
There is a strip club right across the street from the Brooklyn nets training facility. I’m from Brooklyn, and can confirm. It’s called wild Wild West
we also need to keep kyrie in bubble wrap
It's not true lol. We lost to Toronto because he only played half a quarter
Main difference i see is the role players are making their shots now and building chemistry. KD will slide back in nicely when he's ready. Not to mention trading or belittling the player with the 4th highest ppg in the playoffs ever, 3rd highest in the finals, cuz of some regular season wins seems dumb.
If he knew harden could play point why would he think they would never work? He gave up a $50M/yr contract to ring chase and people still thought he'd be a ball hog who only wants to score. I never understood the logic behind that, it was like people just had a bias against harden and used the lowest hanging fruit explanation.
Playmaking was not the problem at all with Russ/Harden, they were literally both all-nba together, Russ just got COVID before the bubble and had nagging injuries, and they had 0 big men for a series against the Lakers. Also Lebron/AD simply being the better duo.
KD's career: 4 scoring title, two titles, two finals MVP's, all time player:

Lol you big mad!
Divide by 0
Covid rescheduling*
I don’t think you can tie in the NBA
I think if we played against a team that had Kanter, Vucevic, Ilyasova, Ish Smith we'd get obliterated lmao. Certified Nets killers
It’s garbage. 
Evan fournier is realistically a very solid role player in the NBA but he’s our #2 guy. 
Fultz, Isaac, and AG are all good players and they’re injured. Terrance Ross is a meh 6th man but bc he goes off occasionally he’s all we have to get excited for. It’s literally just vuc & garbage out there rn. So frustrating. Terrible trades and drafting have gotten us here.
He wasn’t ever good off the bench either tho. Literally still one of the worst back up point guards.
Trueeee, haters gonna hate
Lol I mean if that’s the standard then no one on the Nets has been successful. 

4 titles is great any way you look at it.
[Link](https://www.google.com/search?q=paytons+brooklyn&rlz=1CDGOYI_enUS772US772&oq=paytons+brooklyn&aqs=chrome..69i57j0i333.5913j0j7&hl=en-US&sourceid=chrome-mobile&ie=UTF-8)

... It’s called Peyton’s Play Pen. 

I think Wild Wild West was closed before the Nets training facility was open.
Ya. The more I think about it the more I realize how keeping Dinwiddie is important. It's pretty safe to assume KD and Kyre will miss a few weeks. I don't want to take Harden for granted and just expect him to play 40 min a night for 82 games at an MVP level.
He didn't give up 50m.He didn't take the extension, but rest assured Harden will get the 10-year-vet max on his next contract lol
It was mostly just russ. Dude was unplayable
The issue is that harden was double teamed every time he got up the floor with westbrook because the dude couldn’t shoot. Meanwhile With kyrie and kd if he is doubled its wide open 3s for Harris/kyrie/kd
LeGroupies shitting themselves with KD potentially closing down on that ring total
Yeah Fournier has definitely been good in the past but he was trash last night.
yeah I did notice the injury issues.  Fournier looked worse than I remember, but you guys are missing a lot of young, developing guys too.
Can't agree with that at all.  The guy has been a shot in the arm for this team at times, his defence has changed games.

He's not really even a PG anymore, he's only playing there currently because we're down to the bare bones.
You’re right. They Did change it. I’ll always call it Wild West though cuz that’s what I remember it as
Sure, but he did give up an amount of money due to leaving Houston.
Yeah but that has to do with Russ' scoring not his playmaking. That wasn't a case of "too much playmaking"
Leading alleged cancers(Kyrie) and chokers(Harden) to a chip, after returning from an **Achilles tear** puts up over LBJ. One of the most impressive feats in sports history!
There are so many dudes that offer defensive energy without completely stagnating an offense.
Y'all need to chill out.
Care to name a handful that we could go grab right now?  A 3rd string caliber PG being forced to start due to injuries who is significantly better?  We've seen what guys a tier below that (Frank Mason, Chasson Randle) look like on an NBA court.

When we signed MCW to back-to-back 10 day contracts to make the playoff push in 2019 to end the drought, he was legitimately a major reason we won a few of those games.  So saying he wasn't ever good off the bench is a bit overboard.  I agree he's not good but it is definitely true that he is playing a far larger role than desired based on the current situation.
Dudes who are long, athletic and can guard 1-3?  Who shut up and do whatever is asked of them?  That only cost $3 million/year?

I know he's far from ideal, but there aren't many (if any) players who bring the same energy MCW does every night at that price point.

It's easy to be annoyed at him right now because he's out of his depth running an already broken team.  But when he's 3rd or 4th man of the bench on a more competitive team, I think he adds a lot of value.
Yep, I don't get this love for MCW.  I watched him on the Rockets and the Hornets...he's not an NBA level player, and his defense is overrated.  He's a net negative when you factor in his offense.
NBA fans & media forced themselves into this corner. All these guys were alleged cancerous, and were sure to implode only a few weeks ago. If they win it all, there's not enough revisionist history in the world to take away from their achievement.
Statements like these always change over the season, how about you wait until we finish the season?
Whether we wait until the end of the season or not, if the Nets make this happen, it’s an accomplishment of note.
James Brown is the best duo in the NBA.
Other teams’ players love Kyrie after every game.
Harden has an off night relatively yet still puts up 29/11/14 absolutely ridiculous how good this offense looks with him running it.
Haliburton is a baller. How did he drop so far in the draft. Kings can’t be mad tho, it’s next to impossible to stop Bruce Brown
Blessed to have 2 MVP caliber players: James Harden and Bruce Brown
I just don't see how a team is going to beat them in a seven game series especially if everyone is healthy, hopefully it happens so Harden can get that first much deserved ring 💍💍💍
Rest of the NBA really let the Nets go and get Bruce Brown smh
I’m starting to think we should trade KD Harden and Kyrie for depth and just roll with Bruce Brown and Joe Harris.
No shame in losing to the Legendary Nets Big 3: Harden, Kyrie, and Bruce Brown
James Harden throwing lobs to Bruce Brown is not what I expected in 2021
How the fuck have we won 7 games in a row lmao
Bruce Brown is a fucking dog.
SEVEN in a row. NINE in a row against Western teams.

But please tell us there's only one ball and that defense is half the game.
Bruce Brown is a damn monster
Career game for starting 6'4 PF Bruce Brown
Nets always look like they're beating the absolute fuck out of teams and then you look up and it's 96-90 lol 

is luke walton a fucking idiot? how does he not know you cant do the hacking thing with like 2 mins left 

Bagley/Richaun should not be starting, Bagley needs to just be getting like 20 mins off the bench as the backup 5, it doesn't really do him any good either playing the 4 

Kings are gonna have to trade Buddy right? cause Fox/Tyrese/Buddy is too small, and Tyrese is probably already better than Buddy 

one of my big pet peeves is soft foul, complaining and looking shocked rather than stopping the and one 

one of the problems with Buddy i've noticed is in pnr, he goes around the screen and just picks up his dribble rather than attacking or continuing to dribble, it's very strange
[The Brucebrown Nets win!](https://streamable.com/wm4jcr)

https://streamable.com/wm4jcr

Bruce Brown adorably looked up at the scoreboard end of game and exclaimed as he realized he had a career high 29!

*Let's Go Nets!*

**BROOKLYN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**
We literally got Bruce Brown for free. Sean Marks is a God, and Brown is his angel.
This shouldn't be a hot take, but if Harden keeps putting up these ridiculous statlines.. MVP should be likely.

Embiid still the favorite though.
remember raptors fans saying Bruce Brown is a nobody lmao
Intentionally fouling under two minutes and *not knowing they couldn't do that* is so fucking on brand for the Kangz I don't even know what to say.

Literally that happened.  Buddy Hield and Marvin Bagley are so clueless as nba players that they didn't know you can't intentionally foul under two minutes.

I bet Luke thought it was a great idea too.  He needs to be fired tonight.
My three biggest takeaways: 

1) Marvin Bagley is a disaster out there. Dude just has no idea how to play basketball.

2) Tyrese Haliburton is the only guy on that team that wants to keep the ball moving.

3) Luke Walton is a shitty coach.
have you ever seen bruce brown and MJ in the same room together? just saying
Harden and Irving did not play very ideal second halves.
IF YOU DON'T LIKE THAT THEN YOU DON'T LIKE LUKE WALTON BASKETBALL
Bruce Brown is gonna be HUGE for the Nets in the playoffs
7 straight without KD.
Trading away nets legend Dzanan Musa was tough but we got Bruce Brown from it so I'm happy
Bruce Brown.
Best in the league
Harden and Brown connection tonight
I can’t name one player in the league better than Bruce “the Dawg” Brown
Bruce Brown
Don't make Bruce Brown mad.
It's Bruce Brown's world and we're lucky to live in it.
Bruce "Shimmy" Brown
Bruuuuuuuuce
Bruce Brown is just built different
Bruce Brown
Despite the losing streak things aren't as gloomy as they seem. Tyrese is of course Tyrese and Marvin Bagley is actually showing pretty substantial improvement. Add a high lottery pick from the 2021 draft to our roster and we have a squad.
Bruce Brown for MVP
Crazy we did this all against top teams, while Jet Lagged, even with our top player, imagine if we had KD.
Damn I didn’t watch the game and the Nets YouTube didn’t upload highlights so I thought we lost.
Bruce Brown
Bruce
Best team in the league and the 2021 champions. Might even go back to back if nothing big changes. Congrats Nets fans ✊🏾✊🏾
Good one for the tank! Fox and Hali have good statlines and we continue to move down!
Kings fans bout to have nightmares of Bruce Brown
Bruce Brown
Bruce Brown has arrived!!!
Leading scorer Bruce Brown. What is going on lol?
Haliburton is scary. He kept them in the game in the first half. Shoutout to Bruce Brown. What a great fit
I love this team! We're so much fun, anyone not watching is missing out on good basketball, we arent foul hunting either.
TFW you realize Kyrie Irving is the least efficient player in the 8-man rotation.
SMH how are the nets gonna make it out of the east if they have to rely on Bruce Brown to bail these bums out
Kevin Durant is robin to bruce brown . James harden is Alfred and kyrie is a custodian
Can Fox please put more effort in the first 3 quarters rather than just the 4th quarter. Its a rare game where our team actually fucking showed up together.
Bruce Brown.

That is all.
BRUCE BROWN
When the hell did Andre Roberson join the Nets?
Bruce brown is my god damn hero
Trade Kyrie and build around Bruce Brown
Im still weirded out by him. I’ll never not pause and think it’s Bruce Bowen
#Bruce Brown night
I feel like nobody is paying attention to the heavy minutes Kyrie and Harden, in particular, is playing. No concern there? MDA has a terrible track record with that, and it looks like his influence on Nash is real.
Nets are winning it all

Not even a question

Fun season...
Free whiteside
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUGH







I feel good
LeJames Brown
It's a man's world
Lebrown James
He gives out the best hugs lol
I think he gained a ton of respect after he spoke out last year during the protests.
[removed]
best starting forward combo in the league in 6'6 Joe Harris and 6'4 Bruce Brown
ESPN: Who's the most important player on the Nets; KD, Kyrie, or Harden?

me: Bruce Brown
Same, to think how much it costs to get Bruce Brown too, greatest hidden gem we picked up!!
WHAT CAN BROWN DO FOR YOU...get buckets
29 points on 84/67/100 splits. What the fuck
Just because he's out rn doses't mean you can exclude Jeff Green.
Lakers need to trade for sexton
Harden and Kyrie are great role players to surround the big 3 of Harris, Brown, and Claxton.
We have Bruce Brown
James Harden is good. He does magic with whatever cast you give him
I really liked him in Detroit last year.
He's got big heart and big brains too. He definitely deserves good minutes in a playoff rotation.
I was scanning through this thread and had to do a double take at this comment
I mean it is, but the nets just have so much offense that fuck it
Also, tell them that it is ok to beat teams under .500
Haven't been watching him play, admittedly... But he was playing a G league team tonight.
man was playing pg for pistons last year. true positionless basketball out in brooklyn
>is luke walton a fucking idiot?

yeah, he didnt go to Arizona to play school
they shot damn near 50% from three lol it was crazy how Fox and Tyrese were sinking those shots
> is luke walton a fucking idiot? 

yes

>Tyrese is probably already better than Buddy

I said on draft night that Buddy Hield was not good enough to hold Tyrese Haliburton back, and got told off for it.
> is luke walton a fucking idiot? how does he not know you cant do the hacking thing with like 2 mins left

That was 1000% Bagley not knowing the rule
Bagley doesn't need to come off the bench.
Kings have such a solid team on paper but just can't defend for shit. I like the three guards honestly
Sean Marks learning from Brian Cashman
He'll deserve it, but he's deserved it for the past 2 years and hasn't got it.

The media doesn't like him so they won't pick him.
No chance the media gives it to harden after that drama at the start of the season.
I think it’s very unlikely. Not a great start to the season.
It's not like they're fucking rookies, either.
>1) Marvin Bagley is a disaster out there. Dude just has no idea how to play basketball.

Was it the 2nd travel under the basket or the 3rd that really cemented your opinion about him haha
Richaun Holmes has serious hops. And he like never misses that push shot. I have been keeping an eye on him for a little while now. Getting that underrated vibe now. I haven't followed his defensive ability tho...
Bagley's been playing well the handful of games prior to this. Buddy is a bigger disaster
It's a really bad sign when a big who is supposed to be talented doesn't FEAST on the Nets

That's their only weakness, but it's a big one

Bagley is trash
Brick city tonight, but thank god we have the big 3 compliment on ~~Kevin Durant~~ BRUCE BROWN
KD played against the Warriors, so I think this is 5 straight without KD
> Marvin Bagley is actually showing pretty substantial improvement.

I thought he was AWFUL tonight.
wdym bruce brown clearly > KD
Brown
man quit it with that kind of talk. it's way too early to know.
Hot take nets gotta prove it
No, not really. Klay Thompson dropped 35 in a fucking quarter against us. Nothing will ever top that.
Better than the last couple man, but holy crap was it infuriating watching him play a poor first 3
Like a week ago
Counterpoint: no. The man is terrible
LeBrown James
This mindfucked me for a few seconds lol
true
Kyrie has always been respected by his peers. It's just fans and media hate him.
Kyrie is the vp of the players association I believe it has some high position within the league representative.
He's also the NBAPA's Vice President. Players have always liked him.
Bro same. Our guy doesn't even have to carry the team and lookit him go
Who's that Durant dude again? Eh doesn't matter we got Bruce Brown.
And Joe Harris
I’m convinced we would be at .500 if we didn’t trade for him. Dude is a regular season magician. (And playoff magician too considering they were an injury away from winning in 2018)
That’s why I argue that he’s in contention for the top point guard in the league (depending on criteria). 

You can give him me and 3 dudes from the Y and he’ll get you at least the 5th seed.
We got him for Musa. What a steal.
Defense isn't really half the game. You can play no defense whatsoever (outside of the paint anyway) and most teams will still miss a decent amount of jumpshots.

I'd say basketball is 2/3 offense and 1/3 defense, and with a team like the Nets it's more 4/5 offense and 1/5 defense... but their offensive firepower is enough to make it work.
Not a problem, he's our tank commander
fox and tyrese took some wild shots in that third quarter tho

there were two possession where down 8 and 10 i think with 20 second left Fox took a three and like an 18 footer, and tyrese was taking some wild shots too 

young team, makes sense, they'll build some nice habits once they get an actual good coach in there
Luke: you estimate my powers
Buddy was right there fouling with him though?
Richaun is better than him, and him playing the 4 has been a DISASTER
You mean he can just sit there the *whole* game?
He definitely didn't deserve it last year over giannis.
he was 25/8/10 on 62 TS in houston man, it was subpar for his standards since they kept losing
It was the 85th missed boxout.
Problem is he's 27, and guys who rely on athleticism as much as he does tend to fall off a cliff earlier than people expect. If you give him a big contract, you'll probably hate it on the back end.
>  Buddy is a bigger disaster

He is who he is. He's a gunner who does absolutely nothing else of value on the basketball court and keeps missing shots.
The advantage of playmaking stars. Harden and Kyrie combined for 21 assists. If your shot is off it's not like the D is going to stop Ding those two up anyway, so the other players get a chance to thrive, and Brown took full advantage. And then add KD to the mix, hah, that guy pretty much never has an off night to begin with, or his off night is still 20+ points anyway on good enough efficiency.
aRe ThE nEtS bEtTeR wItHoUt kD?
Oh he was for sure, but the past couple games he’s passed for a good/decent player
12 points, 10 rebounds, 5/10 shooting. He wasn't great but awful is pushing it.
Mans is def tryna jinx us
Plus remember that game two years ago where we had a 30 point lead against the nets in the 3rd quarter and then DLo decided to drop 30 on us in the 4th to lead a comeback victory?
Even worse, it was 37
We could use him if he gets bought out.
Mostly salty Boston fans
Kyrie probably speaks a lotta of common ideologies behind closed doors with all players, but he only put himself in the spotlight --- I think the respect he keeps proves this somewhat true
I guess twitter isn't really indicative of the nba community but he's always been loved on there. He's considered better than Dame and Curry.
Durant for 6MOTY
and some really good role players like James Harden and Kyrie Irving to compliment those stars
I don’t think that’s true. Don’t forget a lot of our earlier losses were due to lack of chemistry and not knowing how to play defense yet. 

Without Harden we’d still have Jarrett Allen, Tauren Prince, and sad to say but Levert would have been playing. No way we go on this 7 game run but we also would have won a handful of the games we lost (like the Cavs games most likely lol)
He is top PG
was very strange seeing pistons fans defend that decision. brown is exactly the type of young cheap talent a rebuilding team should cling to
They got Saddiq for Shamet so I guess both sides got a nice trade from each other. Rip to the clippers who took Kennard though
Na bro is playoffs this defense that buaah buaaah but only good defensive teams win the championship buaaah

Friggin morons
You have managed to find 8 tank commanders in a row. It's really incredible. (But seriously, firing Malone and Joerger was stupid.)
kings fans are so funny lol
Buddy's BBIQ isnt something I'd champion either
Lol what? Bagley's been fine at PF.
Harden might get more love now from the media since he’s in Brooklyn.. the media tends to hate Houston sports
Dude it’s not gonna happen, he didn’t even make All-Star starter.
Gerald Wallace, Kenneth Faried ---- hyper athletic tweeners that arent offensively polished have very short lifespans(IF they stay healthy)
I think it is worth just for the growth of Haliburton as a playmaker and I don't think Holmes is gonna get that big a contract.
Against the Nets

One of the worst teams defending big men
Did you watch him play last night? Just because the box score looks kinda okay doesn't mean he didn't look awful.
Ah good times.
That season was a cluster fuck despite having 39 wins. The 25 blown lead against the Sun's, the 20 point loss against 5 Trailblazer players. And getting blown out by 20 every back to back game.
that's former 6th man of the year James Harden to you, pal
Heard we got another decent role-player coming off injury too, I think his name is Durant something idk.
Okay, but last season was like this too. The guys we traded away had individual talent but did not contribute to winning basketball. Harden does.
I mean it has been true most of the time you gotta have a respectable defense to win a championship, doesn't mean they can't do it it's just rare af but so is having Kyrie, KD, and Harden so who tf knows
if you dont force stops and the other team gets you to screw up a few possessions, that turns a tie game into a 7-12 point deficit in a blink
Most comedians are clinically depressed
Yeah but what are the odds 2 dumbos are doing the same stupid thing at the same time versus 1 dumbo telling them to.
I did watch. In fact I've watched every game this year. He was just okay last night. Not great. Not awful. There was a lot of good and bad. He kept losing Brown in transition. Had some ugly travels and a brainfart DHO. Didn't hit his threes. But he screened well, drew fouls, and finished around the rim. Kings made most of their runs with Bagley playing center. They actually took the lead at one point because the Haliburton/Bagley pick-and-roll was working so well.
His pull up jumper seems smooth enough, probably able to get some decent minutes of the bench.
Ik this will make me look like a dick but why does everyone love these jokes so much now lol?
True but at the same time the nets are capable of going on a 10-0 run just by the other team missing a couple shots. If we do get stops it could turn into a 20 point lead before the other team even realizes 

Nets also might have the scariest team in the last 5 minutes of the game.
I'm with you. I have the most deadpan face of all time reading these "jokes".
Literally every Nets game is going to be a heart attack game.
the nets announcers clowning that guy in the replay booth towards the end of the game was fucking hilarious
Someone gonna have to drag Harden out of Magic City tn
We won... but Joe's 3pt streak is over, so did we REALLY win?
Jeff Green is playing out of his god damn mind this season. A career 44% shooter is shooting 56% from the field. And 48% from three!
I want to never play the hawks again
We only lost tonight because Kawhi Leonard and PG weren't playing.
Atlanta’s youth caught up with them in the end. Made some mistakes down the line thank goodness cause they were killing us
We won, but I’m sad. Joe Harris’s streak has ended
Ah well we played really well for being on the 2nd night of a back to back just couldn't stop them at the end though I'll take it.
I sacrifice a goat everyday to YHWH for allowing KD to come back at peak form
GG folks, do it again in May?
The Hawks are legit
6-2 since the Harden trade

7-1 in the last 8 KD games

3-1 with the Big 3
I think there's a real chance that Harden is the best offensive player on the Nets as he gets settled in more.  He's just so much better at  facilitating than the other two.
Hawks broadcast is funny as hell!! They were roasting my boy TLC
If you're gonna lose, losing to the Nets by 4 in OT ain't the worst. gg
Why did we stop playing Mega Schroeder? Cmon Pierce wtf
I mean if you told me KD and Harden put up 30 and Trae shot 7 for 22 I'd have thought it was a 30 pt loss
Seven players (KD, Kyrie, Harden, Trae, Collins, Hunter, Reddish) with 20+ points in this game. Been a while since we've had that many big scorers in a single game.
Hawks went away from hunter so much down the stretch that was weird
Those long rebounds were pissing me off😂
TAKES FROM GAME
- 4th quarter nets are real
- heart patients should not watch nets game.
- keep lakers and nets match at same time to prevent lakers saltness getting overboard.
 - big 3 will take turns to fuck opponents.
LAST but not the least 
- someone give trae bigger ass.
I’m happy the Nets won just because it probably pissed off u/AndItsNotCloseNephew even if the clown doesn’t admit it. Lmao
Really happy with how the Hawks played, wish we could've gotten those two rebounds in OT. Cam and hunter both looked great.
We tried our best and that’s all that matters 😞
Must be nice to have 3 players on the same team that can get an efficient 25ppg+ every night.
I need this shit in the playoffs
That was a good game. Considering it was the second night of a back to back it's hard to ask for much more
hey this Harden guy’s pretty good
I desperately hoped we might eek out a W in the end but this was the expected outcome. Tough loss, but I’m proud our guys took 2 MVPs and Kyrie Irving to overtime on the second half of a back to back.
James seems to finally be cleaning up the turnovers too. 5.0 Assist/TO ratio tonight. Good shit
All our games with the Hawks are unnecessarily close
Great game, wish we could have won but Reddish coming alive was huge. Hopefully he can keep it going.
This was one of the worst refed games i've seen in a long time. It's amazing how every time brooklyn started looking good there was the weakest, softest foul on the other end.
Kyrie needed the ball more in the end, he scored all three times he got it.
Good aggressive game from Harden and please for the love of god brooklyn bench TLC. It's getting really painful watching him brick everything
So close yet so far
I love this team so much. I really wish we played to the mismatch and played Capela at the end. We gave up two huge offensive rebounds.
They have 2 top-10 players... That's just not fair 😭
Can the NBA fine Nash when KD plays 40+ minutes? This should not be allowed.
Joe Harris's streak is broken :/
Harden doesn’t need to carry anymore he can trust to give the ball to KD or Kai. It’s crazy really.
Damn big 3 really putting in minutes. Worried about the strain on KD's injury.
really swingy game. shot selection wise it was okay for the most part, but defences was basically getting burned everywhere. It really could have gone either way. 

Really dont like Hawks randomly moving people around, getting randomly touches just to lose the ball. Also my hot take after all these Hawks games: Collins isnt worth max money, but he s young enough/shown enough that hes gonna be offered that much.
Wish these two played more often fun basketball…..
East going to run through the hawks in 2 years
James GOATden reminding yall that the only reason he isn't winning the scoring title this year is because he doesn't want to
Joe Harris having a 6/2/1 stat line but being +16 shows his influence on the game. Elite gravity offensively and underrated on D.

Also - an 8 man rotation for the regular season doesn’t seem ideal when 2 of your big 3 have injury concerns.
Less defense DOUBLE THE OFFENSE
I don't know how Nets can improve their defense, I feel like Harden a lot of times is their best defender on the court IQ wise.
I thought the nets would choke almost had a heart attack watching this game, harden missed game winner kyrie with the airball in ot and kd crucial turnover
This team just needs to get a big instead of Cabarrot, and then it would be a really good roster. Any decent defensive big will do.
Lmaoo
First to 130
bruh not sure how the nets are going to do in the playoffs if nash keeps playing these dudes 40+ mins  


i mean it's one thing for the nets to be in so many close games it's another when the guys they need to score are scoring it's literally just taking them 40+ minutes to squeak out the wins
Harden, kd, Kyrie gonna average 40min per game this season
Was that the first time Capela and Harden have shared the court since last year's RoCo trade? 😥
They could of done a better job of separating fans. Looks like everyone was very close together unless it was one big family in that front row
Nets look kinda good. Not gonna rush to conclusions but that is an above average roster
I know the Nets have no bench but the Big 3 playing way too many minutes.
Yeah we can talk about hardens double double but KD is fucking terrifying. Dude is unstoppable and insanely efficient. And good defense
Another win for us
[deleted]
I watched the NBA 10 minute highlight video and it looked like 80% of the Hawks scored on Kyrie.  lol
I really dislike the amount of Trae very deep 3s especially when it is early in the clock. I don't think he is good enough or did enough for the Hawks' franchise to continually hoist those up. Also the Hawks have a decent amount of bucket makers to use possessions for that
I honestly don’t see this team making the finals wit KD and Kyrie playing 40+ mins every game it seems like... Harden Ironman tho he’ll be Gucci at least

Edit: Jesus they’re  all averaging 36+ mins a game
Just don't understand how people can watch these Nets games and think that they're actually a championship contending team

They still haven't played a lick of good defense post-Big 3, and you could have God himself on your team but if you're a bottom 5 defense in the league you're not contending for the title

Trae had an awful game, the Big 3 all played pretty much as well as they could, and still the Nets gave up 116 to them... and the Hawks aren't even a title contender, they're most likely not even gonna make it out of the first round

The Nets desperately need some kind of miracle or else they're gonna have Harden back in the strip clubs come preseason next year creating all sorts of drama
It's actually been this way for about 3 years now lol
Lmao every game they play is close
As a Nets and Seahawks fan I don't know if my heart can take it anymore.
But it's going to be always exciting offensively so...
Is this Nets team the true Morey ball?
It’s beautiful
I wish more announcers would just not give a fuck and do stuff like that
Anyone gotta link?
Bird and Sarah best duo announcers in the league don’t @ me.
that Nets announcer is legendary Ian Eagle
I wish eyean was my team's announcer. He's my favorite in all sports
u/pm_ur_favSONG gotta check bro
I was thinking how weird that replay guy was and if anyone else was noticing. Their commentators are definitely a riot. It literally sounds like two people hanging out watching a game.
He there with Lou will rn
That 3rd quarter buzzer beater :/
yea, I count as a loss smh
Very sad about this, tbh.
On one hand though I don't have to worry about it every game. When it gets to 4qtr without the 3 I get so antsy. Bandaid ripped off
If only he hit that half time buzzer
He was great last season with Houston too IIRC.
He’s getting the most open looks in his career bc of the talent around him.
Seems like a coin is flipped every time Jeff Green joins a new team, heads he's good and tails he's bad. So far Nets got heads.
The Harden to Green connection in Houston was great and it continues in Brooklyn.  

Seems like Harden is always finding Green for a wide open bucket.
Facts. He's easily the biggest surprise plus of the young season
He must be so relaxed knowing defenders have to worry about kyrie, harden and kd. His 3 pointer looks so effortless this season lmao
if your defense doesn’t improve, you’re gonna have to be saying that for a bunch of teams lol
Same
Y’all are lucky our coach is too stubborn to put capela in against a small ball center. Collins have y’all a lot of help bc of his inability to be a center.
The universe demands a 7-game series between us
Me too!!! When the Nets played em weeks ago, I was like "This Hawks are so annoying and stubborn as hell." Lmao. Annoyingly good coz they have plenty of shooters and annoyingly annoying coz of Trae Young's foul baiting tactics. Lol
What about the cavs?
Cam and Dre both played tonight???
On the real, you guys played really well considering it was the 2nd game of a back to back. Granted, the Nets defense is ass and the Clippers were without both Kawhi and PG last night, but this was still a fun game to watch as a neutral fan.
Honestly I thought the youth and tired legs would show in the second half but they kept hanging in there. There are worse ways to lose a game, and once y’all make a few additions from the buyout market and the big 3 gel a little more, it’s gonna be real tough to stop y’all.

GG Nets
I’m kind of worried about him if games keep being close and he plays heavy minutes on the regular.
no my heart can't take it
Don't want to play ATL
Hunter and Reddish are gonna be scary.
Every team this nets team play will seem legit lol.
We’re coming for ya LeBron!
Glad we got the nets before they went into full super-team mode.
I think he is, KD may be the most unstoppable scorer, but harden’s playmaking is levels above KDs or Irving’s
Ok Lebron you're not gonna break up the team by stirring up stuff.
It’s definitely gonna still be kd
He's been awful these last couple of weeks.

Can't believe I'm saying this, but possibly even worse than Taurean Prince.
Bob is at least passive aggressive about it but Nique just dives right in
He cursed him into hitting some baskets though lol. Then later 'they wont be going back to green' miliseconds before green gets fed for a lay in
u/pm_ur_favSONG
Esp on the second night of a back to back
Hawks killed Joey Buckets' 3 ball streak. 

This is a loss for Nets.
looks like a 30 minute cap for him tonight
30 min cap cus health
Minutes restriction and they started playing 5 out so he would've been pointless on D
He injured his hand and had to use the left most of the night
Because they don't want him getting exposed by any of the big 3.
But it was 5 on 8 tonight. Atlanta refs went Tim Donaghy.
Playing good defense to force a tough contested 3 and then losing the rebound on a lucky long bounce is so demoralizing. And that miss under the basket by Harden (again due to good defense) that fell right back in his lap. :(
That last literally had me like, "OH COME ON!"
I’m pretty sure everyone alrdy knew KD, Harden, and Kyrie are real in the 4th lol
For real yo. His been commenting on every single comment nets vs atl game thread
Yeah, Trae, Hunter, and Collins are nice with it.
yeah, hox are very lucky to have trae john and hunter
its surprisingly stressful lol
Funny.... all of our games with the Hawks are unnecessarily close too.
Nah just 2 out of 3 were close. Hawks whooped y'alls ass in the 2nd game
Nah just 2 out of 3 were close. Hawks whooped y'alls ass in the 2nd game
ngl i kinda agree... but after years of being on the receiving end it's been nice to see some bull shit calls go our way
That holding foul on Kyrie was absurd. And the blind ref on the baseline out of bounds call in OT too.
Glad the team is getting used to that now. You can't win a chip without weathering bad reffing. Also can't win without being able to grind out close games.
If you foul someone, you get a foul
Harden was creating great shot after great shot during the 4th though.  Not only was he dominating, he was hitting Green for a good luck like every third possession.

As soon as Kyrie started hitting shots, he was getting the ball.

Kyrie also had that *terrible* possession in the 4th where he just held the ball until 5s left on the shotclock and took an awful pullup 3.
bro we got noting. shamet is straight bricks. TLC atleast gives us some switchability on defense.
*top 5
harden is better than kd so no.
theyre still adjusting. still only 4 games where the 3 played together
Team has 3 open roster spots right now, it won't continue to this degree.
His previous 3 games was 50%fg, 58% from 3 and almost 40ppg.
He's actually really really good at them.
Pretty sure he has a higher percentage and volume from that range than even Steph Curry.
Yeah Trae needs to limit that as his heat check. He also needs to make his floater consistent again
Hes up there with Dame and Steph as guys where its usually not a bad shot. 

Last season:

25-29 Feet: 151/430 (35%)

30-34 feet: 27/81 (33.3%)

35-40 feet: 10/23 (43.5%)!

40+: 1/1

He was also 25/69 (36%) from 30-40 feet as a rookie, but only 5/18 this season before this game. However, hes had a bit of a slow scoring start to the season, hes been having back issues as well as general slump it seems as well but id imagine hes eventually going to drift back to that ~36% area before too long.
we've had a bunch of overtime games but yeah theyre logging way too many minutes.
you realize we've beaten every good team we've played. We havent lost to any contenders yet. Beaten boston, sixers, jazz, denver, golden state, bucks. We play down to our competition regularly. The defense is obviously an issue but acting like we have no shot is dumb.
It's actually been this way for about 8 years now lol
Yeah but Kyrie finally plays with players who can knock down clutch shots so.. 😎😎😎
just curious how did you become a nets and seahawks fan?
Same here dude. Was a bandwagon Seahawks fan back in 2012 because I loved Marshawn Lynch and kept following them ever since. Moved to BK about 8 years ago and could walk to Barclays.

Both teams have caused so much stress for me.
Nah they shoot an average number of 3s, and actually take mid-range.
No Morey ball was always about way more than just 3s
https://streamable.com/ju9kmz
Absolute treat hearing those 2 call the Nets games, and we get RJ as a 3rd sometimes, hard to compete with those 3. They all compliment each other really well and aren’t ever afraid to have some fun. Ion 🦅 is one of the best in the biz no matter what sport he’s calling. His son is on his way there as well!

NY is straight blessed with our NBA play by play crews between the YES team and Frazier & Breen calling knicks games.
RJ and Bird
Nets and Lakers are my favorite crews.
Breen and Clyde
Bob and Nique
u/pm_ur_favSONG
Tag ne me to the link
But so bad on the Jazz that they just straight up cut him.
Yeah but 48% from three is unsustainable for a guy that shoots 44% from the field for his career. Even if they’re good looks.
Just gotta know how to play to his strengths. Mike was great about that and y'all are lucky to have him there.
I also liked when Harden became the screener for Green during the bubble last year. Is that happening on the Nets?
Think this is the worst we'll be. Definitely going to be some late season pick-ups.
Our offense is p good to be fair
It'll improve, we have three open roster spots that don't need to be used on anything except defense.
7-2 in our last 9 😂🤣😂🤣
I mean, to be fair Capela would be completely ineffective on defense with Jeff green standing on the perimeter and KD, Harden and Kyrie doing their thing.
Hawks finally actually win as the 8 seed instead of just going seven games
We don’t talk about them
Forgot about Dre
We didn't have Dominique Wilkins tonight either, but I think we're getting a little better ngl
Yea they were destroying us honestly did not think we would win this but in crunch time some mistakes were made which is to be expected.

GG and I’m happy I don’t have to face you dudes anymore this season lol
Are the big 3 gelling more really what’s needed here? They’re scoring a combined 90+ a night. It’s just they need better defensive bodies
Ya some blowouts would be nice, harden can play 40min every night but playing Durant and even kyrie those kind of mins is sketchy imo.
You prefer the pacers, or outside shot at the Cavs?
*are scary
Idk, Bucks didn’t look that legit. 🤷‍♂️
We gotta focus on Sexton first
Harden is going to be the best passer on the Nets pretty much every night and the best scorer every other night. Hard to argue he isn't their best offensive player.
As the better scorer?  I could buy that.

As the better overall offensive player?  I honestly don't think so.
KD's definitely THE scorer. Heck I think Kyrie also edges Harden out on that. But Harden's facilitating makes him the most important offensive player.
He’s been unbearable. On offense and even on defense.
hes def worse than Prince. At least he can shoot
If you miss one shot Nique is on your ass
Is this ur alt u 2 talk the same
Without Bogi or Dunn also
Don't you mean a 30 min Capela? 🤪
30 min cap cuz 40 min Mega-Schröder is straight up unfair.
He was +17 tonight!?
wdym, reddish hunter and gallo are on his team, they're not gonna expose him, chill
Fax bro. I’m satisfied with the L tho. It was great seeing cam get his rhythm back
And y'all were carried by refs in all 3 games, yes I agree
There was that foul on Kyrie late in the 4th on the hail marry pass that missed both him and the Hawks player by like 30 feet lmao + technical!

Kyrie deadass at this point "What am I even supposed to do??"
And even when you don’t, you still get a foul apparently
harden had a few bad possessions there too. kyrie was great to close he definitely deserves some looks.
Yeah people are missing out that Shamet gets DNPs because he's literally the worst player to have ever played the game of basketball to make it to the NBA.
Ummm what? I trust KD and Kyrie with the ball any day over Harden in the final minutes
> theyre still adjusting

Take turns coasting one game while the other 2 log 40+ minutes.
that's why we better not get first seed lol
It’s actually been this way for about 420 years now lol
From Vancouver, so most Vancovuerites are Seahawks fans. For the Nets when I started watching ball I fell in love with Nets Vince and Jkidd, and then just stuck with the team since then.
It's a tough life we lead brother.
I feel like Kd takes 90% of his shots as contested midrange Js
Thanks!
ian eagle is so great lmao
Between the YES team and the radio crew the Nets have consistently had top quality from pregame to post for years. Even Mark Jackson was great back in the day. The only announcers I ever disliked were Marv and Donny Marshall. I'm just mad they got rid of Jim Spanarkle in favor of Isola, though Jim was always more of an announcer than a studio guy anyway.
I love Clyde only because his phrases are hilarious. Hooping and swooping, dishing and swishing, etc.
You guys are #1 and it's not a debate. Though I think the alternates on YES are better than MSG. Like past Clyde it gets a little shaky
I watched the first half through an Atlanta broadcast and they were fucking awful, like not even close to Ian Eagle by himself.
Understandable, Quin Snyder's system isn't easy to fit into.
I mean everyone is shooting crazy this season without the crowds
Not really from what I’ve seen. Green usually does not bring the ball up the court which is when I remember they would run the harden screening pnr most
Y’all need a PF/C defender bad. Like yesterday
The D'Antoni Special
Undefeated against teams not named the Cavs\*
Ironically one of the worst matchups too. 37 centers and explosive guards.
Check out your strength of schedule though.
sure. That is not sustainable though (at least as far as the close games are concerned)
He was still +17 and the nets were driving into the paint at will getting open shots, it’s not like JC guarded well at all. But it looks like it was a minutes restriction so I’m less mad about it
He kept cursing us though lol
I am getting more excited about Hunter.
Y’all also had some SUPER clutch offensive rebounds late in the game when we needed stops too, and there’s nothing that can be done about that. 

Maybe a playoff matchup is in the cards somewhere down the road?
Dont have to face us anymore until that 8-1 matchup and every game will be as stressful the three regular season ones lol
Then they need to learn how to put teams away. It’s not that complicated. The issue is that without them the scoring nosedives, but the bench bodies don’t have enough defence to compensate.
Hunter has been ridiculous all season, Reddish has been hot and cold but by God I'm cheering for both of them. I love my dudes.
Hunter is... Cam will be.
Pain :(
What a juggernaut
best scorer? idk about that one.
i’ve been saying this for years bruh y’all clowned me so hard. kd obviously still a better player for his defense and unguardability. but when it comes to offense, nobody is as complete of a player as Harden. only people that come close are lebron, ‘17 westbrook, and prime cp3
wtf are you tripping on? he averaged 40 last season and has more big number games?
Lol what? Hardens averaged 36 PPG before, disrespectful
Harden dropped multiple 50-burgers in a single season. One of them was a triple dub. Just sayin.
If Kyrie can keep it up, yeah, but I wouldn't be surprised if Kyrie fell back down to earth a little bit - he's basically having career highs across the board by a good margin.
The problem is that in the clutch of important games like tonight Harden easily gets flummoxed by double teams and full court pressure, especially against lock down defenders. I think they should switch who brings it up between Harden and Kyrie that way neither one is getting over pressured. 

My most interesting thought though is a Kyrie Harden PnR. I feel like that would work extremely well with either as the ball or roll man.
You guys need someone to play minutes. Shamet being a DNP doesn't help matters
Yeah the thing with Prince though is that he's really streaky and he tries to play way over his head. 

At least TLC isn't getting the ball and trying to ISO, or getting the ball and immediately jacking up a contested three like Prince would often do.
“That’s a TERRIBLE shot” is one of my favorites
He was great idk what the other guy drinkin.
After watching Capela play for the past 7 years I can comfortably say that he's not going to be able to play in the clutch against that big 3. Not only that but he gets gassed super easily. 

Oh and with the small ball lineup he literally would’ve just been standing in a corner. Then on the offensive end he’s essentially useless from outside the restricted area and is bad at free throws.
LMAO no. Tonight, sure, but the refs did not carry us in either of the games in Brooklyn.
When you get a foul called, you fouled someone.
And he got some, didn't he?
For me, I trust Kyrie to hit the shot more than I trust James to hit the shot.

I trust James to create a better shot than Kyrie will though, and that includes getting a guy like Kyrie a good look.

We saw it in crunch time tonight - Harden finding Green for open looks/layups over and over again.  Kyrie got the ball and forced up a terrible contested 3 point shot after holding the ball near the halfcourt line for a solid 7 seconds.

I want Kyrie taking that last shot, but I want James to make the decision to get Kyrie the shot, if that makes sense, because I think his decision making is the best among the big 3.
Then you’re just hating.
he got the last shot in the game before ot and handles the ball almost the entire game. enough said.
This is why I never find another Baltimore Ravens fan :(.
Is the nfl popular in Vancouver and Canada in general?
lol so you're a bandwagoner, nice
He is lethal right there honestly.  Every time he pulls up midrange you just know its going in.
In moreyball terms, those are honorary layups when KD takes them.
Not to familiar with the jazz, why is it so difficult? Not tryna throw shade just genuinely interested in what exactly they're doing
League 3pt% is only up .7% over last year and FG% is identical, so I don't think it's increasing percentages across the board all that much.
Nets currently going _around_ the East
https://imgur.com/nVmNiiy
havent lost to any teams that made the playoffs last year. beat the jazz, sixers, GS, celtics, heat, bucks, denver
And look at who we’ve beat
Good teams clutch out close games
Thats true for the average team.

The nets arent your average team.
Lmao you say that but even if their defense is shit, other teams gotta close out the 4th in which Kyrie, KD, and Harden are difficult to match. LA is the only team capable of keeping up with 7 games in 4 quarters + OTs with this team. It took trae foul baiting to barely keep up
Yes, but with Jeff Green they were playing 5-out and Capela would be taken out of the paint is more what I’m getting at. 

Nets are just a tough matchup for traditional centers when they go small like that.
We just need to convince Reddish he's playing the Nets every game
3x scoring champion
Last season he scored more ppg than Durant's ever done and that's not even his best scoring season
You lost me at Westbrook. 

LeBron and cp3 are leagues ahead of 2017 westbrook when it comes to being a complete player.
And 2016 Curry
Don't put me as "y'all."

I wrote almost the exact same post as soon as he got to the Nets.
Why is kd obviously the better player? KDs defense isn’t that good, harden scores on the same efficiency and is the way better passer
Kyrie just isos a shit ton more on this nets team so people think he's better than Harden at scoring for some reason. I stg Kyrie does not pass lmfao
He’s had 60 point triple doubles lolll...Kyrie don’t come close
He is?
> The problem is that in the clutch of important games like tonight Harden easily gets flummoxed by double teams and full court pressure,

Harden doesn't do well when his teammates don't get to their spots.  

> My most interesting thought though is a Kyrie Harden PnR. I feel like that would work extremely well with either as the ball or roll man.

I don't think the PnR would work very well because they are both fairly short dudes but a pick and pop would.  We've seen it with Harden/Harris plenty of times.
Not a fan of the nets as a whole but hot damn do I love watching them play. So many options on offense. Can’t wait to see who their defense improves
Shamet had been horrible tho, hes prolly the first in line to get traded
I mean you went small thats why he'd get exposed. Most true  centers arent gonna guard top tier offensive guards and small fowards 1 on 1 very well.
Where do you think "that's not basketball" came from?
You didn’t watch the game if you actually believe that
How u got Trae on ur team but still think that
best scorer in the league. consistently gets double teams. unreal performance in numbers in iso. clutch plays all around. and you dont trust this guy. did you even see the game today? they let harden shoot cause they know hes the best. thats why hes handling the ball.
Here I am! Laker fan here and was never into football until 2017. Didn’t want to bandwagon on the rams and didn’t like what the owner of the chargers did to San Diego so I picked the ravens! We sucked this year :,(
Haha. I was a huge Ravens guy like the years pre last super bowl. When flacco was good with thar defence. My super bowl pick every year was the Ravens and I got it right once lol.
Super popular. You go to any sports bar or pub it has a Russ jersey up on the wall. The NFL is super popular overall  I don’t have numbers for viewers but it is. I remember years ago there was a legit movement to try and get the Bills moved to Toronto. A complete joke considering the facilities they would have to play in, but that’s a good example of the popularity.
? Been a nets fan since around mid 2000s lmao. And Seahawks since 2010. If that makes me a bandwagon I guess so.
I feel like the dude must run that elbow pull-up so much in practice that it's entirely muscle memory, he's do consistent with it
It's just like...complicated? A lot of motion on offense. It's one of the reasons Conley struggled so badly last year compared to this year when he's more familiar with it
Wait, that’s illegal! 

-Kairie
That is one low quality MS Paint meme if I've ever seen one

I love it
But weren’t the Jazz, Sixers, GS, Celtics, and Denver wins with a completely different roster than you have right now, and the Miami game against a team missing half of their lineup? I get what you’re saying that you won those games, but you guys have also given up at least 125 points in like 5 of the last 6 games with your new roster. It’s a completely different team than the KD, Allen, LeVert, etc roster that played against Denver and the others.
Thanks Rockets bro 😎
I said this to Hawks fans earlier. Capela is useless in the clutch a lot of games. Not only is he usually beyond gassed at that time, but he gets exploited easily by switches. And with a big 3 like Nets have it wouldn’t be hard to find the opportunities.
He really started to get hot in february last year. Maybe hes just a slow starter.
4 time scoring champion
kd doesn't attempt as many shots.
no
Funny enough, after last night their scoring efficiency is identical
FG%, 2P%, 3P%, eFG%, PPG, FT% and TS% are career highs for him this year so yeah, basically.
Lmao Nash was just crying like every coach does when their team goes up against Trae. That don't mean the refs were carrying us
Even when you win, you still complain about fouls. Aint my way to go out, for sure.
How u got Harden on ur team but u still talking
I never said I don't trust him, did I?

I also feel like you didn't read my post because I made it pretty clear that I want the ball in his hands at the end of the game.
Surprised you didn’t. The Rams were so fun when they moved. Still have their moments too. And, the Ravens will come back replacing your OC is huge to help Lamar grow.
Damn that’s pretty cool. Buts since your a toots fan, fuck you and your city.
being a long time bandwagoner doesn't
make you any less of a bandwagoner

are you from new jersey/new york? exactly
Ok so we're 5-2 since trading for harden? With a win against the bucks. What else are we supposed to do.
For sure, and that’s actually where it’s been really helpful how much better Collins has been defensively. He’ll still get bullied by bigger centers but in small ball he can definitely handle his own now.

And even just having Capela out there for most of the game is such a huge improvement over last year, even if it is in spurts.
Reasonable to expect then that Harden and KD take turns being the best scorer every other night

Also KD was scoring champion 7 years ago.
lmao ok, Booker doesn't take as many shots as Durant therefore he's a better scorer. See how that works?
[removed]
Ok, Trae "had more superstar calls than the entire Nets big 3 combined up until the final minutes" Young
I didn’t realize the refs get a free pass for some bad calls just because the nets won. Sorry for wanting an evenly called game
I never said foul calls were always perfect, cuz that would be hypocritical
Hey man no worries you have a good day!
Oh so I have to be geolocated to every team ever? I’m a Liverpool fan as well? Guess I’m a bandwagon fan. I guess 80% of lakers fans are bandwagon fans, etc.. that’s the dumbest shit I’ve ever heard lmao.
capela was balling
sure but did kd get worse? if there's a "best scorer" in the nba it's either kd or harden. it's pretty close.
brother, i think it's pretty obvious that kd is a better scorer than fucking booker.

it's not like he couldn't average 36 if he was in harden's situation ,idk what to tell you. anyhow it's pretty close between them.
fuck off, curry has always been a better/more efficient scorer but he has never been as good a facilitator as harden at his peak
Damn it man why you gotta make me feel bad about hating you.
> I’m a Liverpool fan as well? Guess I’m a bandwagon fan.

The math checks out
the lakers have a lot of bandwagoners, everyone knows this

if i'm a warriors fan in 2030 and i started fucking with them in 2016 cuz KD joined, how does that make that any less of a bandwagon move?

>geolocated

yes? why do you think it's called a hometown team?

you have the option to root for a team nearer you, or possibly a canadian team cuz that's your country

>liverpool

how is that the same? there's no EPL team near you cuz it's played in a whole different continent

you never had an option in the first place
When he was in Harden's situation he scored 32. What Harden did has only been done by two other players ever. You're gonna keep harping on hypotheticals but that's facts.
He's way better off ball player tho, curry harden and lebron are the best offensive players in the league closely followed by KD who is the best scorer in the league.
Because he doesn’t have as high assist numbers? Curry is a fantastic facilitator, the Warriors offense just gives him a bunch of hockey assists.
Been a fan since Torres. lol.
I live in Vancouver Canada. We have no NFL team and then the grizzlies moved before i was really into basketball? So in both cases there is no team geolocated to me to cheer for? It just seems like you have a good time in caring about making sure every fan is the most pure they can be.
you do realise that westbrook was out for like 40 games not the whole season? and during that stretch he averaged like 35 if i recall correctly. it's not as clear cut as you're making it out to be.
you said the majority of vancouver football fans root for the seahawks

it checks out geographically, vancouver is real close to seattle

there's nothing wrong with that

the nets play on an entirely different coast lol, you started rooting for them cuz VC and jKidd had them poppin
lol James Harden averaged 40 over 40 games, not as clear cut eh?
Win that ring, dad.
Wall 36

Oladipo 33

Rockets lose by 18 lmao
Houston still the only franchise Harden hasn't dropped 40 (or even 30) against.

(Gotta take the small victories)
Rockets fans getting to know what it feels like to go up against Harden.

Also the last two minutes were hard to watch lol
I love Harden and hope he wins a chip with the nets but it still hurts to see the ex doing well lol
Damn the smiles between Harden, Green, and Tucker after the game was really nice to see
The development of Bruce brown is a big silver lining of KD being out. This team is going to be god damn great when they just slate him in with the rest.
What even is basketball anymore?
13 damn losses in a row..
swag man become mvp man
The Houston Rockets played Toxic by Brittany Spears as they lose to James Harden after the game lmao
Damn Harden is tough to watch.
Till we meet again.
Was there a moment where DJ got back to back reverse dunks? Has that ever happened in a game before?
(when do we start harden MVP discussions again)
Harden with a damn near 30 point triple double on 15 shots is pretty wild.

I generally think "oh hey got a triple double" is kind of useless without any additional context but Harden is usually crazy efficient with his scoring on top of getting those additional stats.
Nic Claxton with yet another insanely efficient performance: 16/8/1 on 7/8 shooting in **16** minutes. Give this man the minutes he deserves, Nash.
The Nets are 0.5 games behind first place in the eastern conference going into the all star break. Holy shit someone pinch me because I’m dreaming
Harden should be 2nd in the MVP race atm tbh. Narratives won't allow it tho lol.

1. Embiid
2.Harden
3.Bron
i only watched this shitshow so i can bask in Claxton majestic light
Harden interviewer lowkey trying to bait him into saying something like "Houston is home" lmao.
It's like seeing your dad come back with the gallon of milk, but also a new kid
They’re playing Toxic by Brittany Spears at the arena lmao
We are in Spain but the S is silent
wowzers, we didn't lose by 20. BUT WE STILL BUTTCHEEKS.
I expect the Rockets will break their streak fairly soon.  Oladipo is due to one or two of his efficient shooting games soon (frankly 25 shots for 33 points for him is halfway decent of late)
The more minutes Claxton takes from Deandre the better because it is so annoying to see Deandre out there and not close out or hustle for rebounds
I think these guys may be a problem
13 straight! Nothing will stop this tank!
Gotta say, I undestimated how bad Houston is
Wood made this team look good lmao.
29 points

10 rebounds 

13 assists

8 turnovers

We were so close to witnessing a Harden quadruple double

EDIT: I fucked up
Harden should've stayed!!
Man I'm glad Silas just walked off the court and didn't exchange pleasantries with Harden. I feel bad for Silas, dude likely won't last until the end of his first year as a head coach if he keeps losing.
8 turnovers, yikes James
Hard on for harden on hardest road
Strip clubs finna be lit tonite
Houston: Give me something for the pain and let me die.
Bitter sweet for harden no doubt to play like that but no surprises given how bad Houston have been since the wood injury
The Rockets are genuinely the worst team in the NBA.
Fuuuuck r/nba
pay no attention to their percentages
Other than those 2 the rest of their 8-man roster was 2 2-way guys, 3 vet mins, and the corpse of PJ Tucker (yet another 0-pt outing)
Oladipo isn't playing the best....but geeze the scoring dropoff without him is even worse.

Wall and Oladipo:  55 shots for 69 points

Irving and Harden:  36 shots for 53 points
Brooklyn shot more than 15% better than Houston tho and thats kind of a game changer
Best case scenario really. Showcase your assets while tanking. Connect FourD
That’s how I feel when my wife tells me she didn’t go down on her boyfriend
I feel like this stat shouldn’t be as ridiculous to me as it is, but holy shit
I was rooting for him. This seasons gone for us anyways
Those back-to-back threes ended our yet another fake comeback
Agreed. I've said since I first saw him play for the nets, but he is a player who does whatever he can to make an impact as often as possible. He's pure hustle. It just so happens that his actual basketball skill set has seemingly improved with the recent force into more minutes. If he was a seven footer, he'd probably be an all star.
‘tis a silly place
Fade for Cade, brother
In honor of Harden
10 of them by 10+ points.  5 by 20+ points.

This is our lowest point in like 20 years.  Although the injuries may benefit us if it means we get to keep our pick.
Can we get to the record??
We ain't stopping til we hit 27!
Free Brittany, Free Harden.
They commonly play that after losses
He just flops his way to the line. Idk how anyone can watch this. Unwatchable . I’m glad we got rid of him. Look at us now baby!!
Lmao
I’m bettin DJ has done that before.
Harden might finish top 5 in MVP voting like 7 years straight lol
Clax is playing his way into shape. I’m hoping he’ll be able to to play at least 20 mins without looking gassed soon
Think his conditioning still needs work. Hopefully he can give us meaningful minutes in the playoffs
Dude should start over DJ. Let DJ get 15-20 a night against big centers while Claxton can be the mobile, switchable, and far better hustler.
lot of harden haters as well as bron
He's already said something like that this year while playing for Brooklyn.
Why you in pain? We are in pain. Had the Jazz finished y’all off we would have had the 1 seed 😡
Tanks can't go through Wood.

Next game is a win.
They had 8 players and 2 of them were 2-ways.
Bro, our most consistent line-up that has played the most minutes together this season still includes Harden lol
I think you mean quadruple double, my guy
That is a triple double
He definitely will. The roster is garbágio.
The roster sucks with no wood
He’s so trash
Yeah that Jimmy Harden guy really knows nothing about offensive efficiency
69 points on 55 shots isn't actually all that bad, especially when you add in the free throws. it's not what you want, that's a shitload of shots lol, but it could be worse.
Is PJ just not trying hard or is he just broken down from playing Center for so long?
Rockets should've sold high on PJ
Really weird to bring up Harden's prolific scoring in those circumstances.
[deleted]
Yep until Wood is back I’m just here for the tanking
If Bruce was 6’11 + the way Claxton is playing, this team would legit have claim to be the best of all time
This was more Degrade for Cade
Real question, what are the conditions for your pick this season? Is it top 4 protected or is that Miami? I know somehow the thunder have a claim to both or maybe one or the other? Shit is confusing as hell.
It’s so fun being a le classy team again
Back to back though? Pretty wild regardless
You don't just put a young player, especially one who missed a vast majority of his rookie season and close to half his abbreviated sophomore season, into major minutes as soon as he's back. You work him into the rotation. Then again, you typically would do that with any player who is, at best, a role player at the moment. Granted I'm high on Clax. He's got great instincts, is tall and lanky, and has shown hustle.
Yeah he has (had?) Jumper's Knee, that's why the Nets are being so careful. Definitely can't just throw him big minutes or that will come back
I think Jeff Green is gonna get the start over Clax and DJ when he's 100% again.
Haha nah this quote was tweeted by the Houston Rocket's official twitter page the other day
Embrace the tank!
I don't think that Tillman will have the patience to lose 20 in a row
If anything Harden increased his short term job security
And our owner is Tillman Fertitta
Umm it actually sounds a lot worse if you include the free throws lol
It’s actually worse when you account for the free throws, 24 free throws is roughly 12 more possessions, so 69 points on ~67 shots. From the floor they combined for 52 points on 55 shots. Pretty bad however you cut it.
I mean it’s not great either lol
Biggest factor imo is not having a superstar setting him up
PJ is best used when a guy like Harden is consistently creating for others.

I feel like he's less effective when there's more motion in the offense.
He has zero ability to drive, finish, put back, or shoot anything but wide open corner 3's.  That's been the case for the past few years.  He simply no longer has Harden, Russ, and CP3 spoon feeding him.
There are still plenty of interested teams.

I think it was KOC who said half the teams he talked to thought PJ would be a good add and half thought he was cooked.

Only takes 1 to get a good deal.
Not if harden is scoring with the wife
we don't want you
Top 4 protected. If outside of the top 4 Rockets get the worst pick out of their own, Thunder and Heat.
Agreed. I think Nash is doing fine. The game against the Spurs I believe, where he had like 2-3 oop plays, he was so gassed. He damn near looked like he was gonna drop dead. 

Coming back from an injury that seemed to last an eternity and I believe he was COVID positive before the bubble too. Could be wrong. Get him some meaningful minutes out there, but 20 definitely is pushing for sure. 15 is definitely the sweet spot.
It’s crazy how during the harden trade everyone, including myself, thought we are giving up too much depth. Now all of a sudden, we have too much when everyone can knock down a shot
Not before the deadline.

As long as the team is trying to win, I'm rooting for them... Not against them.
He isn't firing a coach that he signed to a guaranteed contract halfway through his first season. Tilman helped create this mess anyway.
That would be absurd. This roster has 3ish good players on it. At full strength it's an okay team at best.
Tilman will be more focused on UH and their potential Final Four run.
PJ has been laying eggs for ages and keeps getting away with it cause he's a "dog"...
We don’t even have a motion offense. Wall and Oladipo aren’t the scoring threats Harden is, so they don’t suck in the defense like he used to for us. Whenever they iso, the defense doesn’t care because of how inefficient they are.
Yes, and nobody that wants him is looking for him to score outside of threes and open layups (though he's missed those before).
Yea, to be honest, I was never really worried about our depth since we have 3 legit stars (one of whom will be on the floor at all times), so all we needed are warm NBA bodies next to them to look really good.

But with KD missing time I was a little apprehensive, but it turns out we don't have studs or anything, but just solid players who know what to do, and even though our fanbase does rip on them a bunch, all our guys are pretty much at or higher than league average from 3, which is pretty huge. Other than Brown actually haha, whose the fan favorite anyway, but he obviously makes it work.

I also do think we're a really well coached offensive team. Even our 3rd stringers know how to operate an offense to get open looks from 3 and share the ball.
And we still got Dinwiddie charging up in his hyperbaric chamber.
I'm amazed at their ability to just produce these guys. I thought it was pretty much going to be the big 3, and then Joe Harris...and the rest would be trash.

I happily admit I was wrong. Bruce Brown and Nicolas Claxton have really showed up.
I think a lot of credit has to be given to Harden. His playmaking and connection with Brown/Claxton/DJ has been exceptional.
We need to hit the losing record streak though!
Ya even today it took them ~66 possessions to get the 69 combined points. It wasn't really efficient volume scoring. And they only had 9 assists combined (only 5 TOs but still sub 2:1 A:TO ratio is bad).
When did you become a Nets fan? 

We have had good players and people with potential on this team. Fans of others teams are the one's that doubted that.
Get ready for disappointment
Very recently, actually! I started watching the NBA again for the first time since Jordan was on the Bulls during the 2019 season. Was drawn to the Nets because their uni's were clean as fuck and the team culture looked awesome. Have been having a blast ever since, even with the loss of most of the players that made me a Nets fan.
Sean Marks is a genius. He brought in those players from virtually out of nowhere. Like for example Joe Harris, he was a flameout from the Cavs who never played. Dinwiddie from the g-league. 

He really was able to keep great talent while adding superstars
Plus Caris Levert and Jarrett Allen were both draft picks in the 20+ range, which don't exactly have a very high success rate, and they ended up being the centerpiece of a James Harden deal. Marks did a crazy good job turning minimal resources into this team.
Yeah, it's just amazing to me how well he does it. Like I said, I'm happy to admit I was wrong. I was very low on the team after the Harden trade. I really miss Jarrett Allen and I figured DJ as our only real center was a deathblow.

It's been awesome to see it all work out otherwise. Hoping for the team to continue to grow and mesh. Claxton is fun as hell.
I am so happy Claxton is getting this opportunity. He is practically a rookie but so talented
For the first time in a decade+, a Nets double digit halftime lead didn't have me sweating
[deleted]
Someone predicted Nets to win by 26 in a pregame thread and was downvoted to hell haha

Edit: prediction is here https://reddit.com/r/nba/comments/kiftmw/_/ggqlfac/?context=1
to be fair the Warriors were missing two starters tonight. can't wait to see dray and wiggins play soon
Happy to see KD and Kyrie back, both looked amazing out there. On the other hand the Warriors were atrocious, Steph will have to play a Harden/Westbrook-esque game if this team even wants to make the playoffs.. On a positive note Wiseman looked mad nice, definitely a lot of potential there.
Y'all can hot take about the Nets/Warriors, but KD looks like himself, and the NBA is better when its best players play.
MY BOY NASH WITH FIRST COACHING WIN 🥺
Marv Albert really sucks
Time to overreact
The real winners of this game were the Marv Albert ASMR fans.

Holy shit that was a nightmare of old-man lip smacking and nose blowing.
I am still in disbelief that this is our roster. What a day what a dayyy
What a dull interview KD, god damn. Lmao at the crew laughing about it afterwards
[I just wanna say, fuck all you nerds](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/c7l1wd/shelburne_the_knicks_and_owner_jim_dolan_were_not/esfyp4z)

Especially you, /u/littlenewyork
It's not fair, Steph had to play against KD, Kyrie, Wiggins and Oubre
Being a nets, mets and jets fan, the optimism is flowing through me that I've been starved from for a while. Plz let this optimism stick for a hot minute.
CUT MY LIFE INTO PEICES
Beat us by 30 you cowards
I’m here to overreact
Not trying to overreact but I don’t think the Nets lose another game the rest of the season
Wiggins is so bad, man. It's way past the point where you can expect him to become something more than what he is but people still have faith bc he has all the tools.
FINAL COMMERCIAL COUNTER:

Little Caesars: 5

Progressive: 4

Mountain Dew: 3

Premier League: 3

T-Mobile: 3

Verizon: 3

Adidas: 2

American Express: 2

Bolt24: 2

Burger King: 2

Chick-Fil-A: 2

Clorox: 2

Ebay: 2

GEICO: 2

iPhone 12: 2

McDonalds: 2

Michelob Ultra: 2

NBA: 2

NBA Store: 2

Red Bull: 2

The Croods: A New Age: 2

Wonder Woman 1984: 2

AT&T: 1

Best Buy: 1

Break Down, Rise Up: 1

Capital One: 1

CarMax: 1

Chipotle: 1

Cricket: 1

Cuervo: 1

DisneyWorld: 1

DraftKings: 1

EricsJobs: 1

FanDuel: 1

GE: 1

Girls Inc,: 1

Go-Big Show: 1

Google: 1

Grand Theft Auto V: 1

Harley-Davidson: 1

HBO Max: 1

Hennessy: 1

Kia: 1

Lexus: 1

Microsoft Surface: 1

Modelo: 1

NBA Auctions: 1

NBA on TNT: 1

News Of The World: 1

Oculus Quest 2: 1

Planters: 1

Snowpiercer: 1

State Farm: 1

Subway: 1

TikTok: 1

Truly: 1

&#x200B;

* 1st Quarter Non-Local Commercials: 15
* 1st Quarter Commercial Time: 7:10

&#x200B;

* 2nd Quarter Non-Local Commercials: 17
* 2nd Quarter Commercial Time: 8:41

&#x200B;

* Halftime Non-Local Commercials: 23
* Halftime Commercial Time: 8:47

&#x200B;

* 3rd Quarter Non-Local Commercials: 14
* 3rd Quarter Commercial Time: 6:15

&#x200B;

* 4th Quarter Non-Local Commercials: 18
* 4th Quarter Commercial Time: 8:37

&#x200B;

* Total Non-Local Commercials: 87
* Total Commercial Time: 39:32

Congrats, Little Caesars! I Guess?
Nash to Kerr: “I’m the Steve now”
I love this team, LeVert off the bench is too good!
Welcome to Wiggins
This honestly still does not feel real
We tried telling you about Wiggins...
CHUCK AND SHAQ ROASTING KD LMAO

That's why he hates yall
[When the game is a blowout  for 3 and a half quarters, and Marv and C-Webb are doing commentary for it](http://i.imgflip.com/4rd72e.jpg)
Breaking news: KD is still really fucking good
League fucked lmao
Joe Harris about to get some respect on his name this season
I was told the Nets were gonna IMPLODE three seconds into the season

Was I being lied to by r/nba?
Those trade pieces for Harden looked nice.
Sage Kyrie
It's a cliché, but this game wasn't even remotely as close as it looks.

My God, 38 point lead before garbage time.  Everybody pretending like if you add KD and a healthy Kyrie to a playoff team, they won't be that good.
Last year’s Knicks had more spacing than this Warriors team outside of Curry.
So much energy in that arena
I must have missed it when it happened, but why are box scores links now instead of being in the post?
It's a shame Wiseman's solid debut will be overshadowed by how shit GS played 19pts & 6reb
The TNT crew clowning KDs interview has me in fucking tears.
KD gave Chuck the one word answer. He officially back. Fuck the haters Nets clappin shit all year believe dat!
Don't be surprised if your local police knocks on your door for questioning as a witness to this murder.
WE GONNA BE A PROBLEM
My son can’t stop crying. Bought him a face mask with the Warriors logo on it this morning and he has thrown it in the bin. Says he is too embarrassed to wear it. You have ruined a young boys Christmas Andrew Wiggins.
What is the Warriors’ offense when Curry is off the floor? Genuine question.
Great job Coach Nash!
They won't all be as easy as tonight, but the squad definitely looked good and played well tonight. Bring on Boston!
WHen i said Caris could be an all-star player this year, people called me crazy.
That interview was like talking to a wall...the hell is he so mad about?
Barring injury, nets are the truth.
Curry went 7/21 lol
Warriors culture gonna fix Wiggins lol
Tough first game for Warriors fans but it wasn't all bad. Wiseman has all the tools to be a really good player. Also they need to give my man Mulder more minutes.
Damn the warriors couldnt get a bucket to save their life lmao. Wiseman looked great though. 

Hopefully, this game tells them where they stand and makes them watch a lot of film and mesh well.
Hard to believe it was that close tbh. Nets were absolutely humiliatung the dubs
Lol I don't think KD like all the shit they been talking about him over the years

He didn't care about that interview
KD's back baby
A nets lakers final would be insane
The Nets just added two beast mode players in a already good team wtf
nice seeing KD out there again, he's looking good
[Serious] Did the Nets already win the 2021 NBA championship?
KD with the coooooold interview there. Woo
The Inside The NBA crew has mad jokes about that KD interview lol
KD really hates the media, I don't blame him for not wanting to talk.
Marv Albert is god awful
So who do we like in the lottery this year?
The Nets really played 15 guys on opening night lol. Bonus preseason game.
3 things make me really happy about this game.

1.	Wiseman looks reaaally good so far.
2.	KD looks reaaaaaaally good.
3.	NBA is baaaaaack baby
Nets second unit could make the playoffs, jesus fucking christ.
So about that Lakers repeat...
this game was steph playing with kids for charity vs Nets
Bruh who thought the Nets would be bad when they got Kyrie AND KD lmfao
Nets looks spooky
So this was just a matter of the Warriors having no guys and nothing to stop KD/Kyrie right?  And a healthy team would keep them subdued more right? .......................Right?
[deleted]
Feel bad for Steph man
You know, I didn't have anything better to do on a Tuesday night in December in a pandemic, but I gotta say that this game was not a good watch.
Ngl, that might have been the worst commentating for a game on national television I've ever heard.
Not tryna overreact but idk if the nets are that good or the Warriors are that bad
Did anyone else notice the very LOUD breathing into the mic from CWebb? Like Jesus, it felt like a sweaty Xbox live session 

Can’t believe some producer didn’t tell him to take the mic out of this throat
And to top it off I had to hear Marv Albert breathing in my ear the entire time
Warriors got Steph Curry out here playing with the Migos as a bench unit. #PrayForSteph
Bring back Luke Walton
*Cracks fingers* welp time to shit on the warriors
Wiseman's first organized basketball game in over a year.  Not bad at all.
emo durant
ASK ME A QUESTION r/NBA
KD probably mad Chuck been taking shots at Kyrie this whole offseason lol
It’s that fucking sage, isn’t it?
curry to show the world he's on harden's level by carrying his team to the po's?
Well, that was not good. There are reasons to hope. The positives: Wiseman looked really fucking good all things considered. Curry is still sharp even if he didn't get the ball enough(like seriously we need to start every play with him we don't have the roster to not do that anymore), rotation guys like Poole, JTA, and Baze looked good. Oubre has the promised energy although his shooting sucked. The excuses: the Nets were really hot and we were really cold, Draymond should help our defense and ball movement if he gets healthy, the team needs time to gel and the Nets are definitely contenders so it was always gonna be a loss. But still, this was bad. Our offense had no chemistry or movement or shooting which is what we've thrived on in the past. Defense wasnt great. Wiggins was atrocious.

Nets are definitely contenders tho, their offense looks insane. We should get better as the year goes along and our players actually learn how to play the system and even if we sucks this draft is stacked and we have two picks and some trade bait so it's not all bad, if Klay comes back healthy and Curry and Dray stay effective we should be set for next year and the future. Still tho, this was ugly to watch. 

Also, one can only imagine how different everything would be if Klay didn't get injured again. Fuck man.
I like this very much
Nets r the best team in the league, can’t wait to watch them continue to grow
I would prefer if the nets were not good
Warriors are in for a rough time if this is how the supporting cast is gonna play. Nets look dangerous as hell.
“Brooklyn can’t play defense”
That’s the sound of the KD and Kyrie haters dying on their hills
Game wasn't as close as the score suggests
Why does Durant seem depressed in the post-game interview?
Let’s focus on Marv Albert breathing heavy on the mic
Didn't watch the game. I'm just here for the over reactions
A lot of negatives for the warriors but a lot of the problems look fixable imo. You can't play curry offball with low iq players like wiggins and oubre handling the ball instead,they looked 10x better just using curry on ball
So are Nets good or are Warriors bad?
Not every team is built like the Nets. And Oubre and Wiggins won't shoot this badly every night


They'll be fine
Gg y'all look so good netsbros.
I think KD has the strongest narrative for MVP. Would be the best NBA player to comeback from an Achilles tear ever and the first to return to full form since Dominique. I think its between KD and Luka if he can get the Mavs a top three seed
Tonight, Kyrie Irving redefined the game of basketball. All hail our King amongst pawns!
Happy for Nets fans must have been a long time coming

Man I hate Wiggins, dosent care to play nor does he show up on a max
what a blowout !
Good game for Wiseman
Curry is going to have a rough season
Oh shit
Light years ahead huh....
BEFORE EVERYONE OVERREACTS, IT'S ONLY GAME ONE!
100% win percentage. Steve Nash Goat Head Coach
Well, shit.
didn't lose by 30
Warriors are in trouble if both Oubre and Wiggins are gonna play like this.  Wiseman shouldn't look like the 2nd best player on this team.
Man, second straight year the warriors get annihilated  opening night.
Garbage time Wiggins
DIDN'T LOSE BY 30 WOOOOOO
lol kd's answer to Chuck's question: yeah
Bullshit question by Shaq attacking Nash like that
Not sure is gsw looked bad or atrocious
Not a good night for the warriors, but it’s only one game. I’m going to wait a few weeks before making any true judgements on this team’s capabilities
whew!  close one!
This is gonna be a long season
Rough first game, but hey, it's their first game. I feel Curry's going to have to be agressive this season though; Hoping Dray makes a clear difference when he returns
I’m here to overreact
LETS GO LARRIORS
So um, it's only 1 game but the Warriors look pretty trash
Tyler Johnson hitting a half court shot at the end of the game should say enough.
Steph Curry hasn't won a game since he cornrowed his hair.
so hey about wiggins
Glad to see KD and Wiggins returning to form.
RIP
I know people will be shitting on the warriors tonight but I can’t believe how great the Nets looked tonight with a new coach and their stars missing so much time last season, the East is going to be a bloodbath this year
Can we get a checkup on Joe Lacob?
Nets magically gain 20,000 fans from Oakland!
First game of the KD Warriors, lost 129 to 100 to the Spurs. Time to overreact to everything forever.
People really thought the warriors were a clear favorite to make the playoffs.
Warriors are going to be terrible this year. I can’t believe I thought they would be good.
how do you change your team flair??
It's just apparent the Dubs are really out of sorts and don't know how to run an offense just yet. Some of last year's bench pieces played surprisingly well, like Toscano Anderson, Poole, and Chriss. I saw quite a few guys making some nice defensive plays too, including Steph, but a lot of them just don't know off-ball rotations and the Nets got a lot of easy looks off bad turnovers. Dubs managed to force some turnovers too, but when they got em, they couldn't turn them into points and they also missed a bunch of good looks in the first half. 

The Nets, on the other hand, only had to work KD and Shamet into their system, which is pretty easy because the former is a top 3 scorer and the latter can play on basically any team. So, not surprisingly...GSW ran into a buzzsaw. 

Eh...it's one game. Not time to jump to conclusions yet.
what if the braid hairstyle is what starts the decline of steph curry. years later, people will write thinkpieces about how good pre-braids Curry was.
Yeah sooo about that Warriors being a top 5 seed in the West...
What's this lazy ass linking to espn bullshit? Use the box score generator.
Positive note: Glad to see KD, Kyrie, and Steph all good! Also hyped to see more of Wiseman. This is him with limited experience against competition. Nets depth and shooting is scary as hell!

Negative: Lol at Wiggins. 150m to give no effort and make empty calorie buckets. Warriors gotta figure out their bench if they care about this season
Rough watch bad TOs and ice cold shooting. KD will be an issue for the whole league this season. Brooklyn looks like championship Warriors, ball movement and shooters. Good Luck.
Really got to see how deep the Nets are and I don’t like it.
If the Mavs cant win I hope kd and kyrie play the villian and obliterate lebron
The Warriors with a fully healthy roster and a more developed Wiseman scares me, but the Nets scare me even more jesus
The most Wiggins statline ever
Nash gonna turn the nets into the championship warriors. He knows too much!
Watch how critics who said Dbook is bad because he can’t ever carry a horrible g-league team to the playoffs as 20 year old and puts up empty stats give different excuses for Curry not being able to carry this Warriors team to the playoffs. And this isn’t a dig on Curry, I’m just bitter about Book’s perception in his career
Curry shooting 20% from 3 - you hate to see it lmao
Nets were impressive and shows how deep they are…KD looks as good as ever which at this point is rather amazing
Marv Alberts heavy breathing every 2 seconds was so uncomfortable lol.
The hot takes about Curry are gonna run rampant
We the Larriors once again. What a showing from Wiseman though holy fuck.  Too soon to say, but that shit was encouraging.
Wiggins is ass dude, holy hell. He’s just stupid and lazy on the court.
[deleted]
*  Wiseman has the worst shot selection, but the kid is going to be a Giannis/AD type superstar if he stays healthy.  

*  Warriors actually aren't that bad a roster, they shouldn't have gotten their ass whooped that badly.  

*  The nets roster is way better than I realized.  

*  For all his nonsense, watching kyrie is pure basketball.  No angling for free throws, no shot selection neutered by efficiency, just pure bucket getting in any way possible.

*  Durant looks quick 

*  Nash doesn't seem to understand how a mask works.  Stop taking it off to speak!
Man, Nets really turned Steph Curry into Steph lost by almost 30.
Curry is the most overrated mvp in the league. harden and westbrook (i don't care for them either) can atleast carry shit teams on their back solo some times.

curry will not and cannot do this.
Bro they are ROASTING KD and I fucking love it 😂
KD ROAST EVERYBODY GET IN HERE
It doesn't show anything. GSW is pretty much lottery team now. I want see Nets against an actual team like Toronto or Boston.
warriors fans kept saying how steph was going to tear up the league this year

20 points on 7-21.

averaged 20 last season.

WASHED!
The real losers of tonights game aren't even the warriors, it's the knicks.
wIgGiNs FoR gIaNnIs WhO sAyS nO
Wiggins effort is so bad it’s embarrassing.
the nba needs to treat the warriors like the knicks & stop putting them on national tv
Been a LONG time since Steph has been shooting-45%-from-3-Steph
lol fuck off Shaq you're just hating because you still think he stole your MVP aren't you
Curry needs an absolutely stacked team to be able to make the playoffs. He's just not as good as Harden and Westbrook to be able to carry like them. The Stephews will just say that he doesn't have a good team but they still shitted on Westbrook and Harden when they had a crappy team and failed to defeat the insanely stacked warriors, so no excuses for Curry. He has to at least lead his team to the playoffs or his legacy's going to take a MASSIVE HIT. no question about it LOL
THE GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS HAVE BEEN ELIMINATED FROM PLAYOFF CONTENTION
The smiling and laughing by Curry on the bench at the end rubs me the wrong way. I'd be pissed if I was a warriors fan
TNT could've showed another running of National Treasure after half with how this game went
Yikes.
I swear to god Marv fucked up and said Tina Fey at one point
The reactionary takes are hilarious

On one side you have Wiseman is a Star and on the other you have Steph is trash lol
Pronounciation tip: in Wiseman the wise rhymes with lice. It’s more like Whiceman

Announcers got it wrong all night
Not many positive take aways for the Warriors this game, except Wiseman who looked solid throughout the game and took over in garbage time.

KD looked very solid and showed positive signs for the future.

Marv Albert is a senile geriatric old man who needs to retire. He confused multiple players names and just had incorrect facts. He said Joe Smith played in 1971, he wasn't born till 1975.

Also the atmosphere of the game was kinda lame. For having no fans, the atmosphere in the bubble was pretty good.

But happy to have basketball back!
I thought Wiseman was pretty good and even if he didn’t shoot fantastic, Oubre played with energy.
WISEMAN GARBAGE TIME BUCKET GETTER
That was very satisfying to watch
KYRIE MVP
Im glad i got to see wiseman and steph play. Everyone else needs to show more effort at the start. 

Nets look good and Kyrie and KD are a huge threat. But i want to see how they react in a close game and of course how they react to losing.
watched wiggins torch teams back in vaughan, makes it so hard to slander him lmao. i cannot do it
Was it just me or could other people hear Marv breathing into the mic the whole game too?
I don’t think it’s an overreaction to say the Warriors will be bad this year. I do think it’s an overreaction to think the Nets are world beaters after beating up on an awful team.
No excuses for the Nets. They should win the East this year.
Breathe into the mic harder daddy
The Nash Nets era has begun in glorious fashion
Okay BUT BRUH Chris Webber needs some milk
So glad the NBA choose this team for Christmas
Wiggins with the classic 4/16 with 2 rebounds, 1 assist, and 4 turnovers. That offseason work really paying off.
Why does he breathe so hard 😭😭
Boy that was tough to watch. I am hopeful that our offense won’t be that abysmal all the time. I’m excited for Wiseman though. He looks promising. Watching KD ball out against us was bitter sweet. I’m glad he is looking good but damn he didn’t have to utterly destroy us lol.
I'd rather listen to sneakers-on-wood sound on loop than hearing Marv Albert commentate another game
The only Warriors to finish with more points than shot attempts were Wiseman, Toscano-Anderson, Wanamaker, and Mulder (who didn't see the court until deep garbage time).

So... good start for the rookie I guess?
How mighty have fallen... also as an OKC fan Wiggins wtf...
On the bright side if Warriors pick 1-4 at next years draft they might draft another superstar
Yo, Webber is a boring speaker.
Kerr is bad. Hopefully people realize he only won bc warriors were stacked and could hit 3s
Wiggins is trash and I will die on that hill
I'm just here to overreact!
Ahh yes, Wiggins playing shitty like always. Kent Bazemore...yikes. How come every team picked good role players but GSW picked them?
embarrassing wiggins performance wtf was that
wow the warriors were fucking badddd
Wiseman seems to have promise.

That's about all I've got
Not surprise with the result, Thompson and Dramond are out, Wiseman is a rookie and Wiggins, Warriors should try to trade for Harden if they want to be contender again.
Holy shit Wiggins looked bad. Wolves fans, is this the normal?
I don’t know if Steph is t use to a good PnR big, but there were a few lobs that could have been if he didn’t just pull-up. I trust Steph to make those shots the majority of the time, but wiseman will rarely miss a dunk.
all I could think the whole game was, why the fuck did GS trade DLO for Wiggins lmao
Let Wiseman eat.


Also fuck draymond.
Wiggins looked like he forgot what a basketball was and how to hold it
Oh, shit. I didnt realize this was the start of the season!
GSW are going to clean up in the play offs.
Defense back to its best
No surprise. Nets were the better team
These warriors kids don’t know how to run kerrs offence and through curry. Just kept chucking bricks after bricks
Obviously rough game but i am pummmped for wiseman
KD looked the same as always to me tbh, might be the first ever to come back from that injury at a beyond elite level.
I just came to say Wiggins is ass.
Trade machine gonna remove curry this season for site capacity reasons
ACHILLES TEAR WHERE?
Well, uh, not the most auspicious start in warriors history, that's for certain. Steph going 2/10 from 3 is not exactly heartening.
I stopped watching. Wiseman had 19 pts. That is suprising. Was he actually good?
Wtf was that train wreck of a PG interview.
Stephen Curry really hurt some of y'all over the course of those 5 seasons. These overreactions are wild
Mulder is a good player , he should get minutes over whatever shit Warriors played at the start.
Shang Tsung " A taste of things to come."
Is it just me or does Wiggins look like he finally wants to play basketball? Sure he didn’t have a great game, but he seemed relatively engaged and had some good plays
I’m not going to give up on my prediction that the Warriors could be a top five seed, but damn the shooting was not where it needed to be for them to win that many games.

At least Wiseman got some practice against another team in and Oubre‘a energy is going to super vibe with Draymond’s. Pascal has to be better though because he was a complete non factor either he or Wiggins has to come off of the bench.
Jeez. you don't have to use words like torch man. It hurts.
Starting Wiseman and Wiggins... Unfortunately the Warriors are not great.

Nets look scary.
Stephen A. Smith: Damn, damn, damn!
I see you Warriors. Going for another top pick to pair with Wiseman, Klay and Steph. You can’t fool me.
Steph is gonna have to do the on ball stuff Dame does to even make the playoffs if his team is gonna be inconsistent as heck. On a side note, Wolves fans, is this an aberration or something to expect from Wiggins?
I fucking hate Wiggins. As a Canadian, I vote to strip him of his citizenship. He plays like he doesn't give a fuck one bit. Put it into hockey terms he's one of the laziest fucks with zero hustle. Warriors need to get rid of him ASAP
I understand it’s against the Nets and the first game of the season  but no excuses for Steph Curry  to not lead this team to a playoff spot.
The nets r scary
KD looks like the injury never happened, incredible.  All said, we got our asses rammed in but I’m stoked about Wiseman.  He’s going to be a stud
remindme! 6 months
Net's biggest question was denses, and like every bad defender turned ok defender they made up for bad D with attacking the passing lanes.
If you thought the Warriors were going to be even remotely decent you’ve lost the plot. Curry isn’t a number 1 unless the other 4 players on the court are also all-star caliber.
if only steph played all 4 quarters
They’d be mad to break up this depth for another hyper ball dominant player (Harden) right?
I’m not stressing
Bro just fade me now. I knew this team would struggle to make the playoffs. But right now I'm not even sure if the playoffs are realistic, gonna have to fight to make the play-in tournament. 

I know this is an overreaction, but this is essentially another year of Steph's career wasted. I trust Myers and Lacob, but the only real additions on this team from last year are Oubre, Wiseman and Wanamaker. And that's just not enough.
Wait the season has already started? I thought it was the preseason
get used to this boys and girls
My man steph curry doing some neil armstrong impersonation, he got zero gravity tonight.
Warriors fans can hop back on the Laker Bandwagon now. We don’t judge.
Team with two superstars beats team with one, to no one's surprise.
DeAndre Jordan sucks.
Where are all my fellow warriors fans with the Steph and Warriors exceptionalism now?! They told I am stupid when I was saying that we don’t have a good enough team to not even make the playoffs lol
Kevin Durant is a legend for coming back from an injury that even greats like Kobe couldn't come back from.
Why is everyone so high on the Nets now when this blowout is more on the Warriors. Dubs are not significantly better than what they were last year when they were tanking.
That one guy might not have to make that Nets blowing a lead comment too many times this year, lol
Wow so this is how it feels. It’s nice
How many comments did that one Nets fan wind up with about blown halftime leads?
There wasn't a third quarter collapse that cost the game.... Is this Nets basketball?
2021 champs. Get on the bandwagon now!! Its going to be full by February
Yeah definitely don't miss the closing out part of the games. Crumbling in those crunch times was rough. Followed by everyone hating on them after every post game lol.
As long as everyone on the Nets keeps their heads on their shoulders and they avoid any ego problems you're not going to be sweating much this year!
Enjoy it while it lasts. The warriors had 30 years of shit play and we have regressed to our mean. Just glad I got to see the 5-6 years that didn't suck.
Didn't you play against Wiggins before?
It helps that it was like a 30-point lead
Forgot the part where they get steph an off ball play and it ends with a mid range or a fuck up instead of a pass
Steve: If Steph's open on the perimeter don't pass the ball to him.
I think draymondt will help there when he's back. Wiggins and Oubre don't have much passing abilities.
Oof.

And we shot, what, 30% and 20% from three?
Not sure if it's Wiseman not up to speed yet, bad entry passes or bricks for hands but there were a good number of times they tried to get him the ball where he just could not catch the ball. Hopefully it gets better on whichever side it needs to because they seriously left 6-8 points on the court with sloppy play there.
[deleted]
I'm going to put this out there. I don't think Kerr is a great coach. He inherited exceptional talent, who wouldn't have been as great players if not for Mark Jackson.  

People love to hate on Mark, but he taught Curry, and company how to play defense.  Going even further, Luke Waltons record as head coach at GS when Kerr was out, was exceptional.  Anyone could coach GS back then going by what I saw of Walton in LA. I don't see Kerr developing players, and I'm shocked that Mark Jackson hasn't gotten another head coaching shot. 

This isn't due to the opening night loss. I can only imagine how much Green, and Klay were wishing they could play, and change the outcome. This is because he finally has to develop young talent, and we'll see how that goes.
They hated him for he spoke the truth
The best part is he's a Warriors fan too lmao knows our own team better than we do!
Love seeing these but I hate when folks go back to the comment and upvote/comment on it, making it harder to see the initial reactions.
People on this sub extra sensitive and extra salty about anything that might be an insult toward any team.
i saw that also lol
Tbf it was still kind of a fun game.
I want to feel the high this person must be on
+2.1k now
Some people thought he knew...but then he also predicted "Curry’s dropping 20 this quarter"
3* add Oubre
Wiggins was laughably bad, like everything he did was the wrong thing to do
KD & Kyrie set the tone for this massive blowout. We lost to those 2 alone in the first half
Draymond may change things if he's out there, but still, watching most of the Dubs bricking open 3s was a rough watch
Yes, we need a healthy KD in the league. So happy for you guys, as a basketball fan.
I’m excited for Kerr to actually have to coach a depleted roster. Last year was basically a ghost season but he will he expected to get them into the playoffs this year
steph can't do what harden and westbrook do though.
Wise is already the best of their bigs, and it’s not even close. Raw as hell but he looks good in the pick and roll game and can clearly stretch the floor to give Steph more space to operate
Gooder than a mug, in fact
Yeah KD and Kyrie were everything that was promised and y'all have hla depth. We definitely looked bad but y'all looked like contenders for sure. Our team needs time to gel and injuries have fucked us so I wasn't expecting much, although this is still a letdown. Wiseman is the big positive from this game for sure tho, did not expect him to look this solid already
We didn't have Dray and Wiggins was really off (instead of his baseline level of off). I think we need to be at 100% to compete with a title contender, this was predictable. I was happy with Wiseman though, looked incredible. Also happy we might still get to watch KDs prime, he looked healthy.
Kyrir didn't look a locker room cancer at all tonight lol
Steve won't let Steph Harden.
Wiseman definitely didn't look out of place. That said, I don't know if that's a good thing on a team that's bound for tenth in the West.
Yeah I think we really needed a long preseason to really get the team telling together. Wiseman and Draymond barely practiced with the team and this is pretty much everyone's first game together. I do think we will improve a lot but I wonder if it's going to take too long in this shortened season.
He's super athletic but his offensive game is raw, don't expect much from him this season
he already played like harden, had a 30% fg game against a big team
Seriously KD looked amazing tonight, I'm really glad to see him looking so good.
The chase down block / goaltending play was pretty ridiculous. Would never expect that level of athleticism in the first official game back from an Achilles.
Irving looked even more amazing TBH

Looks like he added a Lillard-esque 40-footer to his repertoire.
I thought KD looked a touch slower/less explosive but it's really early. He still looked great though.
Player*
OUR BOY NASH*

Future COTY
my man had a minor stroke saying tlc’s name that shit hurt me
[deleted]
I said it in another thread.

FIRST PLAY of the GAME and the SEASON.

Jumpball. The ball goes out of bounds because nobody could catch it. Marv says "Somebody jumped early", the refs doing the out of bounds signal and the player about to inbound. Marv was the only one thinking about jumping early.

He is the voice of the NBA since I don't know when. His voice is in every highlight from finals, since Magic, Bird, MJ, Hakeem, Kobe, Shaq, LeBron, etc. But there are so many play-by-play guys now. Some are funnie, some are better.

PS: and Chris doesn't help at all
[deleted]
My favorite was him fucking up the Joe Smith information, then letting Webber take the blame for it.

C-Webb has to be one of the most patient people on the planet. He just rolls with it.
And blows... air into the microphone
Felt like tonight's broadcast was a new low. Could hear heavy breathing multiple times throughout the game.
He looked really bad to me, like physically. I thought he might’ve been sick even before I heard the commentary
Marv Albert did 9/11
>	Time to overreact

I can't help but think Jarrett Allen will cost the Nets a crucial possession in the playoffs coz the ball's gonna brush his gigantic 'fro on the way outta bounds.
NETS GOING 72-0
Nets going undefeated, leeg fuckd
Giannis signed a 5 year deal to lose to the Nets every year

This doesn’t feel like an overreaction
Nash the GOAT coach
Warriors are done as a top franchise
Time for this sub to pretend like it didn't shit on this team for the last 18 months
Scared
LAKERS? MORE LIKE FAKERS 😂😂😂
Warriors looked like shit. Just like last season.
OK here is my prediction:  
  
Nets will perform well in the regular season, beat the hawks with an injured Collins 4-2, in a series of many controversies.  
  
They then lead the raptors 3-1 in the second round...
Curry is washed smh /s
Overreaction: James Wiseman is the GOAT

but seriously for somebody with this little experience he looked polished as hell.
> overreact

We should start Mulder over Wiggins and Oubre.
Nets second unit is like an 8-10 seed
I wanna see how long /r/NBA can underrate the Nets for. 

Stage 1: Denial
Wiseman is the GOAT
Are we sure Steve Kerr is good?
NBA CHAMPIONSHIP HERE WE COME
The nets are going to win the championship and the Warriors will go 9-63
Warriors shot 37% field and 30% three (and only upped it at the end significantly from 30 and 20 respectively) whilst the nets were hot. Keen to see some overreactions 🙏🙏
Wiggins needs to be classified as a bust., idc if he averages 20 in his sleep.
Nets will be goat until kd/kyrie had a beef sometimes in the future
Trade Curry to LA. Save his career. GSW is cursed
And it was cheaper than Marv’s Only Fans
And the loud ass breathing into the mic
remember when demarre carroll was our main producer?
I posted this in the Nets sub post-game thread too, but the fact that we had a garbage time lineup consisting of Meth Curry/TLC/Rodi/Bruce Brown is fucking insane. Those guys all would get legit minutes on pretty much every playoff team yet here we are trotting them out in garbage time because we're just that fucking deep. Shit 3 of those guys were *starting* games for us in the bubble+playoffs (obviously injuries played a huge factor in that but still), so to go from that to having them playing in garbage time a few months later is remarkable. The fact that we added 2 superstars and were still able to maintain depth (and not got our future assets) like this speaks volumes about just how great Marks has been for us.
There was one play Dinwiddie hit a great 3 where I forgot about him for a second and it hit me how good the nets look
How’s it feel to be the only New York team?
It's a super team.
I kinda wish you guys could've made a Harden trade centered around Kyrie and DJ without alienating KD. Ya'll got a fucking squad now, but Kyrie misses playoff runs on the regular at this point
He turned when Shaq asked that question about Nash
Link?
I respect this level of petty.
Knick fans shitting on KD as if they weren’t making horrible photoshops with KD and Kyrie in Knick unis LMAO
I argued this exact point sooo many times (I used 80%). It's motherfucking Kevin Durant.
/u/littlenewyork come out and play
as if they weren't creaming at the thought of KD and Kyrie going to their team lmao
Honestly I liked Oubre’s play outside of his shooting. Wiggins was atrocious in all facets of the game.
Best comment right here
Wasn't expecting much but they really disappointed me, especially oubre
we are all gardner minshew stans this weekend brother
Holy fuck its all ETS teams in NYC
TF you optimistic about the jets for lmao.
Are you also a fan of Vietnamese New Years? Also, do you heal sick puppies?
Cya in the finals.
I feel you bro. I’m almost happy.
I just realized the three names rhyme, fuck me
Uncle Steve is going to get Harden as a starting pitcher
> nets, mets and jets 

OMG I just fucking noticed
And you can just change the first letter on your tshirts and stuff and support all your teams. Modular!
It’s just one game chill out. You warriors fans don’t know the real pain us kings fans feel
Yeah it’s a shame y’all are where you’re at as a franchise. Just bad luck. The NBA would be much more exciting with y’all in the playoff hunt.
We shame Wiggins tonight
This is what you get for leaving Oakland
The awkward silence that happens between when he makes a wrong call and (sometimes) corrects himself is cringey as fuck.
Man, it was against Golden State. They only have Steph and a bunch of bums.
Is Levert getting 6MOTY possible or no?

Edit: Because if he can, I could totally see it happening. Dude was great today. Still need a bigger sample size but he looked great.
Same i dont think they another game aswell
Warriors 0-72 confirmed
We won't another game? all forfeits? dang
Not even one?
Reasonable tbh
Well that’s what they’re on pace for. 

On the other hand at this rate the Warriors are going 0-72.
If the Nets play the way they did for the next 71 games I’m pretty sure they’re the favorites in the ECF.
So glad I don’t have to talk myself into believing in Wiggins anymore
I'll count tonight's other game, and then you likely won't see me until the NBA Finals. 

Yes, I am the /r/NFL's commercial counter person.
That's a disgusting amount of ads for a couple of hours of ball
Lmaoooo what? That’s awesome to have these stats
GTA V had a commercial? Why?
bro wtf
how can we support you in your endeavor to provide us this information - this is tight as fuck.
Please make this a regular thing.
r/theydidthemath or r/dataisbeautiful
>Go  Big Show: 1 

I saw the Go-Big Show ad twice.
Commercials are the devil
You had an add for the Cricket?!
I could have sworn I saw a lot more go big show ads, anywho great work dude!
Was honestly disappointed there wasn't an AEW commercial during the game.
Levertt is so much more of a complete hooper than Wiggins. Random thought
this - nets should not trade for harden. keep your depth - ya'll will run the east and go to the next few finals staying healthy with this depth
Surprising as it sounds. It gets worse
Wiggins was probably the biggest problem today and the least fixable one aswell
LOL they blame the T-Wolves culture for Wiggins struggles
He was above average on individual defense I thought
I’ve never ever liked Andrew Wiggins. I’ve tried fooling myself into believing he might be able to turn it around here but it’s honestly not going to happen. He is who he is at this point. He turns 26 years old in February, he’s played over 15,000 minutes in the league. I am not sure why some people think he has another level to reach, I just don’t see it. This blows.
Gotta say it’s pretty nice not having to worry about him anymore. I used to work in retail and it reminded me of how nice it was to go there as a customer on my day off, physically being there and waiting for the associated stress to come but it never does.
Thank god we don’t have him anymore
Jimmy told everyone over two years ago. No one wants to listen.
LMAO 😂
3pt champ Joe Harris? Im sure real NBA fans already give him plenty of respect
fuck around get another 3pt allstar win
don’t worry, next game we will magically be bad and lose by fifty because of our HORRENDOUS chemistry
Allen and Dinwiddie played like crap. Din did a good job on defense, moving the ball though. Prob trying to fit in as a starting SG Role player
>Everybody pretending like if you add KD and a healthy Kyrie to a playoff team, they won't be that good.

Right....."everybody"
??? Who exactly was pretending that?
I know it's early, but it's still unbelievable that I regularly saw people comment that the Nets would be a 5/6 seed.
people remember the durant and curry warriors amd forget how rare is to have a supporting cast that makes the playoffs without its two all stars

harris, levert, dinwiddle are very valuable players in spite of the slander the latter got from the harden trade saga
Who didnt think they'd be good? But gsw were a lotto team last year I want to see them play some.good teams
> Everybody pretending like if you add KD and a healthy Kyrie to a playoff team, they won't be that good.

I guess the concerns were twofold:

* Kyrie's record on being "healthy" isn't promising
* KD had one of the worst injuries (historically) that a basketball player could have, and he's already 32 starting this season

So it's not unreasonable, given those things.

I hope that they both stay healthy and play really well though -- they're absolutely in the top 5 of most entertaining players to watch, and it was a shame to not be able to watch them play last season.
I need to see a longer timeframe. Boogie looked good for the Warriors before the playoffs. I think they load manage as much as possible for a top-4 seed (if they’re consistent that’s definitely reachable) and then we can start seeing how much of KD we get in the postseason
I think they make ECF easily but come on nephew, it's been one game. Vs likely not a playoff team. At the start of the season.
It definitely was louder with the piped in noise than any live Brooklyn game I've ever gone to (well when the crowd is not cheering for the away team)
They aren't supposed to be, I don't know why it is that way right now. /u/Lynial, just copy this one:


    |**Team**|**Q1**|**Q2**|**Q3**|**Q4**|**Total**|
    |:---|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
    |Golden State Warriors|25|20|26|28|99|
    |Brooklyn Nets|40|23|36|26|125|
    
    ||		
    |:-:|		
    |&nbsp;|		
    |**TEAM STATS**|
    
    |**Team**|**PTS**|**FG**|**FG%**|**3P**|**3P%**|**FT**|**FT%**|**OREB**|**TREB**|**AST**|**PF**|**STL**|**TO**|**BLK**|
    |:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
    |Golden State Warriors|99|37-99|37.4%|10-33|30.3%|15-23|65.2%|13|47|26|24|6|18|6|
    |Brooklyn Nets|125|42-92|45.7%|15-35|42.9%|26-32|81.2%|13|57|24|22|11|20|7|
    
    |**Team**|**Biggest Lead**|**Longest Run**|**PTS: In Paint**|**PTS: Off TOs**|**PTS: Fastbreak**|
    |:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
    |Golden State Warriors|+2|11|44|19|12|
    |Brooklyn Nets|+38|11|46|23|28|
    
    ||		
    |:-:|		
    |&nbsp;|		
    |**TEAM LEADERS**|
    
    |**Team**|**Points**|**Rebounds**|**Assists**|
    |:--|:--|:--|:--|
    |Golden State Warriors|**20** Stephen Curry|**8** Marquese Chriss|**10** Stephen Curry|
    |Brooklyn Nets|**26** Kyrie Irving|**11** DeAndre Jordan|**5** Caris LeVert|
    
    ||		
    |:-:|		
    |&nbsp;|		
    |**PLAYER STATS**|
    
    ||||||||||||||||
    |:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
    **[](/GSW) WARRIORS**|**MIN**|**FGM-A**|**3PM-A**|**FTM-A**|**ORB**|**DRB**|**REB**|**AST**|**STL**|**BLK**|**TO**|**PF**|**+/-**|**PTS**|
    |Andrew Wiggins^SF|31:14|4-16|2-6|3-4|0|2|2|1|0|1|4|4|-28|13|
    |Eric Paschall^PF|21:33|2-6|1-1|1-2|1|0|1|0|0|1|0|1|-28|6|
    |James Wiseman^C|24:17|7-13|1-1|4-8|1|5|6|0|2|0|1|2|-10|19|
    |Kelly Oubre Jr.^SG|25:39|3-14|0-6|0-0|4|3|7|2|1|2|3|1|-28|6|
    |Stephen Curry^PG|30:19|7-21|2-10|4-4|3|1|4|10|2|0|3|1|-23|20|
    |Kevon Looney|11:17|2-4|0-0|0-1|0|2|2|0|0|0|2|3|-10|4|
    |Kent Bazemore|11:35|1-2|0-1|0-0|0|2|2|2|1|0|2|3|-3|2|
    |Damion Lee|12:14|1-2|1-1|0-0|1|6|7|2|0|0|0|0|+8|3|
    |Marquese Chriss|12:26|4-10|1-3|0-0|3|5|8|1|0|0|0|2|-6|9|
    |Jordan Poole|17:55|1-4|0-1|0-0|0|2|2|3|0|0|2|2|-3|2|
    |Brad Wanamaker|21:40|0-2|0-1|3-4|0|1|1|3|0|0|1|2|+1|3|
    |Juan Toscano-Anderson|13:15|2-2|0-0|0-0|0|4|4|2|0|2|0|3|-9|4|
    |Mychal Mulder|6:36|3-3|2-2|0-0|0|1|1|0|0|0|0|0|+9|8|
    **[](/BKN) NETS**|**MIN**|**FGM-A**|**3PM-A**|**FTM-A**|**ORB**|**DRB**|**REB**|**AST**|**STL**|**BLK**|**TO**|**PF**|**+/-**|**PTS**|
    |Joe Harris^SF|20:46|4-8|2-5|0-0|2|5|7|2|0|1|2|2|+21|10|
    |Kevin Durant^PF|24:56|7-16|1-2|7-7|1|4|5|3|3|1|1|3|+26|22|
    |DeAndre Jordan^C|17:03|2-3|0-0|0-2|2|9|11|1|1|1|3|2|+21|4|
    |Spencer Dinwiddie^SG|19:57|2-6|1-3|4-4|0|5|5|4|0|0|3|1|+24|9|
    |Kyrie Irving^PG|25:18|10-16|4-7|2-2|1|3|4|4|0|0|1|3|+32|26|
    |Jarrett Allen|19:37|2-3|0-0|4-5|3|4|7|2|1|2|2|0|+12|8|
    |Landry Shamet|19:43|1-4|1-4|3-4|0|1|1|0|1|0|2|3|+12|6|
    |Caris LeVert|24:49|6-17|3-5|5-6|1|8|9|5|2|1|2|1|+18|20|
    |Jeff Green|17:17|3-4|1-2|0-0|0|0|0|1|1|0|1|3|+6|7|
    |Taurean Prince|16:06|0-1|0-1|1-2|0|1|1|0|1|1|0|1|+3|1|
    |Reggie Perry|7:46|1-3|0-1|0-0|1|1|2|1|0|0|0|0|-8|2|
    |Bruce Brown|7:31|1-3|0-1|0-0|0|1|1|1|0|0|2|1|-7|2|
    |Rodions Kurucs|6:36|1-1|1-1|0-0|0|1|1|0|0|0|0|0|-9|3|
    |Timothe Luwawu-Cabarrot|6:36|2-6|1-3|0-0|1|1|2|0|0|0|1|2|-9|5|
    |Tyler Johnson|5:59|0-1|0-0|0-0|1|0|1|0|1|0|0|0|-12|0|
yeah those last 3-4 buckets were in garbage time, those stats are inflated.
Should just give him the key. He looks unlike any other rookie. Potentially can be ROTY if GSW continue to be this bad
How many presents did you get for Kenny this year chuck? None 😐.
Wow what a band wagoner.
Pray
Garbage time offense.
And 6MOTY

He led the team in minutes ... and SHOTS ... and assists ... off the bench
KD doesn’t like the media either because they trash talk him as well. He just acts like that so the interviewers eventually get bored.
don't think chuck and shaq respect kd
Maybe he was trying to do a Kahwi strategy
right? you'd think with these guys he'd be a bit more open but nope
He’s not gonna go 7/21 again

*cue 7/22*
https://i.imgur.com/GR8aq0a.jpg
http://i.imgflip.com/4rd72e.jpg
It's tough when you're the only one who demands attention
more shots then points lol
Trade him, build around Wiseman~
He’s gotta chuck it, Warriors don’t really have shooters. Klay being out reaaaally fucks us
Guarded by Kyrie
doing his best Kyrie impression
I had faith cause he has the tools to be good, but he just isn't as good as he could be. He did everything wrong tonight fr.
It was a 38-point gap at one point
Yep. I think people forget KD hates the media as well. He’s just not crazy about it Kyrie was. He gives the lowest amount of effort.
People are saying this next years draft class is good and pretty deep. So you have that to look forward to.
's what happens when you're up by 38 in the middle of the 3rd quarter
They literally did that last year
Nets Lakers finals would be bonkers
KD is beyond absurd
THEY GOT COMPETITION BABY
They beat a bottom 10 team lol
Let’s let the Lakers and bucks play a game first
KD MVP bet on it now
64.8% of r/nba who are now busy deleting old posts
I got told it would be a stretch for the nets to be a top 4 team cause we'd have to be better then heat, 76ers, celtics or raps lol.
It’s the first game of the season lol. Look at the final score of the first game of the warriors season the year KD arrived
I think this was to be expected. Draymond out, Wiseman getting his first NBA playtime, and a lot of guys who haven't played much together at all.
It's the first game of the season. Let's see how the Nets handle half a season. I feel the two stars might get tired and be a little rusty. I still got a healthy Heat winning it in the east.
Draymond would make a huge difference, yes, duh
Forgot which sub I was on until I saw this unoriginal ass comment
This comment really gets upvoted to the top in every thread.
King of comedy
There it is
[deleted]
think of something else to say please
Yeah, poor guy. Doesn't even have enough rings to fill up a hand.
Warriors had a really bad shooting night and the nets were on fire until the fourth
WHICH TEAMS MAKE UP THE 5-8 SEEDS IN THE EAST THIS SEASON?
i mean they dropped 99 point youre making it seem like they held them to 80 points
Lots of garbage time. Almost 2/4 quarters?
He hates Chuck
He’s dramatic my guy
Yes and yes
I think you underestimate just how awful Wiggins is
We are 1 game into the season and you're already making MVP predictions lol?
and magically lose 20,000 fans when lakers go on their first winning streak
So, sort of an inverse [Riker's Beard](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Riker%27s%20Beard).
Just like they do after every loss
lol guy wins a championship in 2015 as the lead player, other two guys can’t even sniff the finals. Yet somehow the other two guys are better. What a joke
we blew the Celtics are last preseason game
Lmao there is no way anyone has ever said that right
Noiceeee
Why?
This stat line should be called the "Wiggins" 

Especially since it is all whole exponents of the number 2
What if he even got better
Brooklyn had Kyrie and LeVert guarding him most of the time
He cleaned up in garbage time
Lol he was terrible

It’s like makes it worse that that was him trying
Y’all are legit trash
Why would they do that? A rebuild will happen in 2 more seasons at the most. Then they can get back into the playoffs.
If we were bandwagon fans don't you think we would've jumped last season?
It helps that it's been more than 18 months
Kobe did pretty well though, his team was shit.
Blew out Boston in the first half too. The team has looked very good.
Who hurt you 😂😂
I'm happy just for that guy. I remember him going back at least 4 years lol.
I hate that chain, because basketball is one of the few sports where a double-digit lead isn't insurmountable.
Deserves a few nights off
Right?
Did it a couple times a season for like 6 years 

Forgot his name tho
All the new dudes have no clue how to run the motion offense lol
or fuck up a pass
Is this Wiggins in a Timberwolves game?
That’s what they expect you to do! So take the shot instead!
That was frustrating...
Why’s Draymond gone again?
Hahaha, Draymond would have done nothing to prevent this drumming. 

The Nets bench could take the Warriors’ starting unit (sans Klay) out.
Wiggins and Oubre had brutal shooting nights.
Midway through Q4 it was 20% from 3 and 33% overall from the field.
Yeah he had probably 3 passes and 5 rebounds slip through his fingers over the course of the game. Hopefully just nerves.

I like the kid, my only real gripe is him not getting ass back on defence way too often. That should just getting used to nba speed.
Disagree with your take. Kerr made this chemistry and great locker room environment.

He also brought in amazing X/O geniuses like Adams and Genty to revalutionize the game on both sides of the ball.

Mark Jackson slandered and fired any competent assistants because his ego couldn't handle someone sharing his glory. He also created a toxic locker room environment by most accounts.
Bike is short for bichael
SHUT UP!
He speak da true true
They hate all the prophets. Also who do you talk to if you dream of fucking Jesus in his crucifixion holes?
Its like warriors fans dont like when you say their team isnt as food anymore, its like thats not even remotely possible to say
There wasn't a single reaction except someone telling him to put a flair on lol.
Everyone shit on the clips though
Unless it’s against the Knicks.
Especially the warriors. Never allowed to to say anything negative about them here
Yes lots of warriors fans from last few years. Not many liked the predictions that were coming out from the like of 538/Kevin pelton.
Fun for nets fans sure
And Klay
*first quarter.
They definitely played with a hunger, it was impressive considering they probably hadn't had a lot of time playing with each other due to their injuries last year
FR. We had 23 early. Ky with 10, KD with 10 and a 3 from Joe Harris. Lol
Klay with a repaired ACL and only 1 Achilles could have been a more consistent scorer tonight
I expect Oubre to make more as the season progresses but they had a very rough shooting night. Good defense too though.
Draymonds not going to help with the bricking open threes issue
I kept saying we need Draymond out there during that game. We are missing him so much.
Chip?
Brooklyn might mess better personality wise. KD is probably a better fit than some of the other guys in Boston and Cleveland. KD seems more relaxed playing in the East and coming back from the injury. One of the things that led him away from GS was that the Warriors weren't super close off the court (they played well together but they didn't really hang out outside the season). KS and Kyrie being friends probably helps both sides (LeBron is great but he probably can be hard to play with just from the standard he has, and Boston had a lot of internal role settling with their core that Kyrie trying to prove himself didn't help).
If Steph doesn’t Harden they’re a lottery team
Even if he loss 10% of athleticism it doesn't matter because he is too gifted
True, he was super efficient tonight.
I mean keep in mind he hasn't really played at this level in like a year and a half.

And is a year and a half older than he was

And, you know, if being slightly slower than he was was all the effects that injury had on him, id say he's doing well
Lmao he’s still not the best
OUR BOY NASH°
Tina fey luwawu-cabarrot
I like how he will struggle with a name - eventually get it right, then start rattling off biographical facts. Obviously referencing his cheat sheet to find the name then reading the bio breakdown to recover.
damn I thought I was imagining things at first it really felt like there was an old man struggling to breathe through a pastrami sandwich next to my ear
Watch your mouse
r/nba has destroyed the way you talk. If that’s what it takes to impress these guys around here, then they are not your friends!
Yea but he when announced it he said 8/12.
They're now saying it's a DoorDash order from 7/11
now they're telling me I'm at 711
Fucking hilarious a guy made a whole post to bitch about Marv getting stuff wrong while calling him the color commentator.
He said overreact
Marv Albert needs to call 911 homie looks like his organs have checked out.
Wow he shot 82% from the field. Really efficient
For some reason this reminded me of the liverpool beach ball
WARRIORS GOING 0-72
On pace for it, checks out.
The NBA made it a 72 game season just so the Nets can't win 73
[removed]
He said overreact
They are done and not just on twitch.
I mean, where’s the lie
This but un-ironically
Honestly, without Klay, it would probably benefit them to land another lottery pick while they spend this season developing their young roster. They simply can’t go far in the playoffs without him and this upcoming class is stacked.
and that people weren't downvoted for saying Warriors aren't a playoff lock
"Aight bro let's pump the brakes its one game."

20 straight wins later...

🏳️"We was wrong"
Tbh during the playoffs even on the raps sub we were all making excuses for you guys like the whole missing 80% of your salary due to injuries and whatever. People were really nice to the nets and a fair few popular posts on this sub came out about how you’re doing impressive for a team with so many critical players injured. 

I didn’t really see a nets suck circlejerk.

Plus if you’re being pitied by the torrential diarrhea of the raptors sub in the bandwagon year you probs weren’t being shit on nearly as much as you remember
Just because the Nets played first? Lmao 😂
I'm touched that you think we're going to make it to the second round
yi jian lian died for this
Remember that Boston fleecing? Sean Marx is a genius.
JYD 2.0
I think you're being generous saying those guys would get decent minutes on playoff teams but I agree with your general point. The Nets are incredibly deep and that may be more critical to success than anything in this particular atmosphere. Perhaps its not a good idea to trade for Harden?
Rodi and Meth Curry absolutely wouldn't. But doesn't matter, the team is extremely deep which will be great as KD and kyrie take nights off. So fun to watch
Which is why the whole game I kept thinking “why in the word would you trade this insane depth for Harden”
no, he looked out of it from the start.  He actually answered that question immediately and with some enthusiasm.
https://old.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/kik5tn/the_inside_the_nba_crew_roasting_and_trolling_kd/
[My personal favorite.](https://images.app.goo.gl/3FEksdo7APwtjsSL8)
I know /u/HokageEzio was shitting on KD too and is probably going to say he didn’t look good, he’s being overhyped and that the Nets will implode next week
That on play he did twice was insane. Rolling to the paint and getting the pass in perfect timing both times. Stopping right under the basket to let a defender come and the give the ball away. I was amazed when he did it a second time. What was the plan there?
If the Jets can beat the Rams and the Bengals can beat the steelers, I hope to God the jags can beat the bears. Or else basketball is our only saving grace
wooo uncle Rico
Jags win or lose im drinkin
Why should I have my hopes crushed as collateral? :(
As a Cardinals fan...YES
Bears win big. Jets fucked themselves hard
That’s literally the reason the Nets have their name, they wanted to rhyme it lol
Really wish the islanders would change their name to the Islets
The race to the absolute bottom for that sweet #1 pick lmao.
He's a bookie, a war hero and a domasticated animal.
Wiggins will get much of the slander and deservingly so

but Paschall was just as bad....
We tried telling you...
Dude is a bonafide scrub
My dad texted me saying that he makes him ashamed to be Canadian
you mean MVP?
Definitely. He gets buckets with the 2nd unit.
Game i dont think they another same aswell
This but unironically
I cant type lol
They'll only lose if they play the Nets
IS THEIR REFUNDS FOR DLO?
Was just about to ask this lol.
This is oddly interesting
I decided not to pick up League Pass this year: first, no app for WebOS, second, not willing to spend 35+ minutes in breaks and/or commericals. Now even the jerseys are covered with ads.
Do you do this by hand?
Honestly it was less than I expected
It's why I'm just not that interested in basketball or sports in general anymore. It feels like 1 long ass commercial that begrudgingly has a basketball game interrupt it every once in a while. They even superimpose ads on the floor now for fucks sake
what else you want them to do during timeouts and between quarters?
New DLC came out. Another heist on a separate island.
New heist.
Considering I originate from the NFL. That's what I do the best. But I will be back for the NBA Finals.
We won't always get the same commercials. I believe a local commercial blocked one of them. But 95-99% of the time we get the same commercials.
yeah, marks and nash has repeatedly said he loves this roster and isnt going to sell the farm for a player(hinting at Harden).
It’s one game. Let’s not be that reactive.
This one is on Kerr. He horribly misused him.
I like Wiggins the person but he's really in it for the paycheck and that's it. You can see games where he isn't checked out (look at the okc games) and you can see what he can be but he just doesn't want to.
What exactly is the Timberwolves culture anyways
You need to use him as a point forward and make him drive. Kerr used a subpar shooter as a spotup shooter and just fed Curry the ball all the time instead of letting him work off ball.
Defense is 85% team defense though. Being a good one on one defender doesn’t mean much in today’s nba.
It's going to be a long, annoying season from that point of view. There's going to be a nephew in every one of y'all threads overreacting.
You guys are this year's Clippers team and I'll enjoy it just as much when it happens.
Yeah, 'everybody' is hyperbole.  It wasn't an uncommon take for the last 12 months if you viewed this sub
Don't worry the nets will combust because of kyrie soob
The nets being a disappointment and finishing 4-8 seed with a first / second round playoff exit was as common an opinion on here as them actually being really good. Go skim through some posts from a month ago and you’ll see
FWIW a lot of people still think they’ll implode before the playoffs. I don’t think they will but there’s a lot of basketball to be played left.
All the people who thought KD would be a cripple
Half this sub
Lots of people actually I saw nets as the 6/7 seed in many predictions
I have been bullied and ridiculed on here for saying this team should have good chemistry and Gell well and that Levert/Din/Allen, etc are good players and have been practically told to shut up and stop overrating my players.
I don't have links, I've seen a lot of sentiment about it over the last year on this sub
Knick fans to name a lot
I was expecting a lot of isolation from the KD Kyrie Nets, but their screens and movement generated a ton of open looks. It's one game and I'm not sure how good the Warriors were as a litmus test, but they looked much better than I expected. 

I don't think the doubt was unwarranted, I think the way they played tonight was a surprise.
I guess if you say they might not go further than the ECF you somehow believe they aren’t a playoff team.
r/nba and their imaginary enemies
Yeah, they thought adding their stars would move them one seed up lol
I'm not giving up on GSW's chances this year yet, but I think their year last year shows what I team missing stars looks like (worst record in the NBA).  Or even this game, 1/3 'stars' (curry bona-fide.  I can accept differing perspectives on Green and Klay) available and the look out of sorts.
Also, Levert/Dinwiddie for Harden is a doodoo trade.  They're good enough to make sure your pick is like 16-11, while not having a bright future from much more development
You're putting words in my mouth.  I called them "a playoff team," and "good."  You're too heated.  A team blew out a team and it was impressive.  Nothing I said was exaggerated.  

Also, calling someone a nephew doesn't make you sound mature.
Thanks, how did you obtain this one? I tried the box score generator in the subreddit, but it doesn't show anything.
True but still. The fact that he can knock those down is nice. Just let me have this, I've had a rough night!!
I mean you'd hope the second pick could feast on garbage time units. There are lottery players who can't do that
Durant and Irving vs the NBA media. Great matchup but I think the media will win out in the end.
I don’t think most people do
His Braids look like a choose-your-path scenario
Good to see you back bro. It’s been a while.
Lmao he reminds me of Sheen from Jimmy Neutron when his head got big
Yeah has more gravity than Kyrie’s flat Earth
He took two heaves
He's typically given really good interviews up until his last year with GS when he decided they can all go fuck themselves.
Lebron vs 2 dudes jealous of him
Hope the nets can make it out of the east. KD beating Bron with 2 different teams is something and kyrie has a chance to shut his haters. It might happen of the nets can play some D.
Let’s hope it’s better than the last nets-Lakers finals lmao
Gotta beat us first
Bruh Nets just locked up the season. Look towards 2022
Their bench is very deep though. Very impressive performance regardless.
Just looking at the roster they're as good as the Lakers if KD is anything like his old self. The most important thing to watch is just how KD moves.
Yeah but lakers let a depleted Heat team take em to 6.
As if yall had any competition to win the final. Probably the least impressive ring in 10 years.
I mean KD and Kyrie had 10 points each in the first like 8 minutes.  That's concerning.
>Look at the final score of the first game of the warriors season the year KD arrived

You can also look at the final score of the first GS game last year and it was pretty similar.
What did he say
Well how else are the new class of 12 year old /r/nba subscribers going to learn the ropes?
What did he say?
WHOEVER BEATS THE 9-15 SPOT
It was 116-78 with 5 minutes and change left in the 4th quarter when the garbage unit was officially in

GSW shot 37% and Brooklyn forced 18 TOs
He's a career 44% scorer and averages 20ppg

&#x200B;

He's not going to be this bad every night.
lol very premature of me I know, but I'm just going off a purely narrative standpoint
I know but he used to seem unguardable
A 20 pt lead in football is definitely not insurmountable...just trust me on this
True. Even a 20 point lead at the half isn't that unreasonable.
Well, how many sports are there that have a reasonable amount of double-digit leads?
it's still pretty funny lmao we're pretty notorious for being a terrible 3rd quarter team so it's more of a meme than anything.
/u/njnetsfan5152433
This is so true and understandable cos it was such a short training camp + no Draymond to instruct them

But it was really funny how lost the Warriors were
Turns out motion offense is hard when you don’t have 4 or 5 high IQ high skill players on the court at all times
Wiggins has the IQ of a potato
Turns out their previous offense is not as effective when you dont have 3-4 future hall of famers in their prime in the starting lineup
I havent watched a ton of Wiggins or Oubre but i dont feel like they even fit this type of offense? Mostly iso guys who want to shoot and score, very little playmaking ability
Rolled ankle. MRI is clean though and should be back in a game or two.
Injury. He'll be back in the next week or two from what they're saying
Well lets see if Kerr can develop any players. He hasn't so far. That PJ coaching style is great for developed players, but not for developing them. 

I notice that most GS fans don't recognize what Jackson accomplished. They see that the warriors were playing good offense, and defense, but don't acknowledge where the defensive mindset came from. Curry couldn't play any d coming out of college. Thompson was known purely as a shooter. Draymond wasn't 1/10th the defender he became under Mark Jackson's tutelage. Go read the scouting reports on all of them. Then maybe you fans will appreciate what your old "toxic" coach taught them. Kerr would not be able to change them that much. Also, that already developed talent was easily coached by Walton, and he's no coaching genius by any stretch. 

It may be a case of bad cop/good cop, but the bad cop did the heavy lifting.
Micycle
Bichael sounds you’re trying to say Michael, but have a stuffy nose.
Rat is short for Ratthew.
A psychiatrist.
Yeah he was at like -30 when I initially saw it but not sure how much that swayed during the blowout
I had replied to it during the 3rd quarter because he was at -18 when I commented and the Nets were up 35 lol.
It was a general comment about what people do and not specifically about this comment. Use your thinking cap.
Even Clip fans shit on the Clips
That's not true. 

Go ahead, I'm listening.
He could have just stood in the corner with crutches/boot and made more shots than Oubre/Wiggins.
Yeah y'all were lights out and we were cold. Not much you can do
I think you're right. Not sure if he could harden at the same rate as the beard
His athleticism never mattered. How athletic do you need to be when you’re 7 feet tall with 8 foot arms and your shooting motion is so quick and so smooth that nobody can ever block your pull up jumper. KD can play at a high level until he can’t extend his arms and legs any more lol
Eh, it's close. Durant has looked very good since his return.
WE BOY NASH
Now they are saying he should watch his moose
"Now they're saying there's a second plane"
Then Mark Jackson referred to it as 7/11
*heavy breathing*
Luka standing behind the counter
Dead
Streets ahead
Miami 👀👀👀
Seriously that is a given at this point, at least for this year at minimum.
Oh, didnt see. MB
Oh ok, Steph is clearly not a top 5 PG of all time as he could not lead his team to victory.
Yo dray didn’t play, and most of these guys have very little time playing together
Bro just YESTERDAY Warriors fans downvoted me crazy for saying their roster isn't good....they were really on here trying to convince me that Kelly Oube and Kent Bazemore...KENT BAZEMORE! were difference makers
The bubble was 3 weeks out of those 18 months lmao. People having nice comments about our bench squad doing better than expected, AFTER people said we might miss out on the playoffs when the news of our bubble participation  came out mind you, means very little tbh. The whole regular season pre corona people were shitting on kyrie/KF and saying the Nets experiment would blow up. Weve had two offseasons of constant shit, and I dont really think you pay attention at all to sports media and fans if you dont see that. Are you in Canada? It might be different up there if thats the case
Nets are undefeated this year. And you?
Brook Lin died for this
Cause James harden is one of the most talented shooting guards ever and in the playoffs you’re only playing 7-8 guys anyways. It’s not a crazy concept
Yeah the question before was a 20 second question by Chuck asking him about his prep for the season and KD responded with a super terse "yes -.-"
Thanks
Haha this is hilarious.
I love this pettiness
Still managed to have the most basketball-relevant name in the league
TIL
yeah the jets just fucked that up too lmao.
Yeah but paschall isnt on a max contract
Idk man, I think a former #1 pick who was dubbed “Maple Jordan” earning $29.5 million deserves more slander than a 2nd Round pick who had very little expectations earning $1.5 million if they both played bad games.
It's good to know that former 1st overall pick, 6 year veteran, max contract Andrew Wiggins is being compared to a 2nd round sophomore NBA player.

That's when you know Wiggins is red hot trash.
Paschall wasn't great, but he also didn't miss 12 shots, commit 4 turnovers, and pickup 4 fouls.
Ya but Paschall isn't getting paid a max contract nor did he shoot 16 times
We thankfully didn't try telling you
Didn’t you know? As soon as Wiggins went to the warriors he became a top 15 player according to r/nba
Luka got nothing on him.
FMVP*
6MVP
And dimes
He should be in the running with Melo and Milton. Dude looked fantastic off the bench and brings so much energy.
1. TV
2. Phone Stopwatch
3. Google Sheets
4. Dog
I feel like it had to do with it being a blowout.
Red Zone is by far the best thing to happen to televised sports since it’s inception. It’s so nice and going back to a regular broadcast hurts
Have you tried non American sports?
i'll be happy for kd if he's finally the one to do "not 1, not 2, not 3"...but to do that you'll need the depth to protect his body
Misused him? Wiggins is trash. Kerr might as well lace up the boots.
Using him correctly is like the inverse of that Chris Webber Heat Keys to the game - 1. Leave Wiggins at the hotel 2. Leave Wiggins on the bus 3. Leave Wiggins on the bench lol
Best way to use him is to leave him on the bench
He’s been that way since college. When he actually tried he dominated but he would just disappear when we needed buckets. Had a solid 4 points against a not very good Stanford team in the tournament to end his college career. Dude just isn’t in love with basketball
This is pretty much it. Wiggins is coasting to collect a paycheck and that's good enough for him.
he never really improves. just keeps doing the same shit until he looks semi decent for a game before having 10 terrible games
Chaos
Nowadays? Family
Getting beat by third stringers
Which is easily fixed by Draymond who can make almost anyone seem like a decent team defender
ok.
Well I was on this sub 12 months ago and I never saw anyone say that, lol. Much of the questions were whether or not KD was going to be the same player after his injury.

(Imagine being dumb enough to downvote something that they either didn't see or never happened. Sub's got too many people that "flex" their lack of common sense)
It's not just /r/nba or ESPN either I don't want to hear that shit. Writers have been saying the same shit about the Nets. I'm sick of sports writers having dumbass takes and everyone pretending it's solely this subreddit and Skip Bayless.
If it was Kyrie only sure but KD has always been a professional teammate on the court
Half of NBA fandom including NBA media/writers. The intelligentsia has been predicting the Nets will implode - a lot of it having to do with writers being pissed at Kyrie.
I have a hard time believing half this sub thought this team wouldn't be good. Maybe that they wouldnt make the finals or something.
Funny hearing this from a lakers fan
sure, what i mean is that just because they are a shitty suggestion to trade for harden doesnt make them trash

people nearly were calling them negative value players
[deleted]
Ye, the bot seems to not be updated, so I just used the formatted post from the bot in the game threads themselves. Here is the [thread from the game](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/kigacv/game_thread_golden_state_warriors_00_brooklyn/), I just clicked on Source and copied the info, hope this helps.
OK, well he did look good and I liked how he moves. Runs like a gazelle and has the potential to be something special.
i guess you make a point there. just in my opinion people are overreacting calling him a super star. i dont quite see it yet.
I mean what KD is doing is fine. You can hate the media but you can’t openly trash talk it and call them pawns.
Why should he give attention to pawns 


/s
NY media too oof
Mississippi delta
20 points on 19 shots so much better lol
2016 Steph would’ve made those
I mean probably because he feels the same way Kyrie does. He just has the opposite approach and tries to remain quiet about things he hates.
The east actually very interesting this year
Lmao they would eviscerate y’all
Lol as a Nets fan I’m scared of Milwaukee and Boston. Miami is no threat at all.
damn you guys are way too cocky after last seasons playoff run
hahahaha
Really no probably to it
It’s the first game of the season things will change
That thing they always say in blowouts that end in close scores. Something like, "Dont let the score fool you, it wasnt that close".
He said it wasn't as close as the score looks or whatever the stupid joke is
THANK YOU FOR THE IN-DEPTH AND NUANCED INSIGHT
its still 99 points at the end of the game.
Right!  It's not like it's 25.  Now *that* would be insurmountable!
Source?
I mean, it depends what football you're talking about.
Lol
Tennis, once you’re up 15-0 it’s over
if someone's up 10-0 in baseball it's probably time to change channels
definitely soccer right?
* And hockey
Golf, if you can't as points. And ignore the negative aspect
Why can't Draymond instruct them, cause he's hurt?

Reality is the past 5 years they had exceptionally high IQ players.  They don't have that anymore, idk if we can expect good players (like Oubre) to be able to replicate that level of passing.
Not for me...
Chriss is still lost... probably somewhere near the Saturn Jupiter convergence.  I was ok with that shit last year but not this year. He's gone soon. Wiseman was a pleasant surprise.
You just described my entire high school career dealing with my teammates. Dudes never even heard of help side defense or the shell drill before high school. It’s crazy how we were even competitive at times in one of the biggest conferences in the state. 
Coach was Trying to run a “European pick and roll offense” when the dudes can’t even pick up on help side defense correctly. Lol 
It was basically me and two other guys trying sort out the mess all the time. AAU doesn’t teach fundamentals.
Not just any potato, the rotten potato in Minecraft. You can mix a poison to reduce your teams overall BIQ and turn them into a block of dirt.
How dare you insulting GLADoS like that
A passive tuber.
Oh God that Bucks game....
I've been watching this team long before Kerr. I give Mark Jackson his due for instilling the defensive identity and taking the young team to the playoffs, I can say with confidence we'd have 0 championships with him still at the helm, and never in a million years would we attract a free agent like KD. Even besides all his drama, Mark Jackson had no idea how to manage rotations or run an offense.

The roster over his tenure hasn't given Kerr much of an opportunity to develop players and we've had nothing but late picks, Looney  Poole and Paschall are developing nicely.
You do know that its not just the coach developing players right? Like teams have specialized player training and development consultants who do most of the actual player developing work. Mark Jackson had good fundamental coaching skills (on defense anyways) and made us a middle playoff team. But not exactly a "people's person" who can lead a lockerroom to a ring. Theres a reason no team has taken a fyler on him since we fired him
I think you’re funny
Is yours available?
He's at "666" now
That’s what it is. I know people say Wiggins give you one good  game out of four, but for him and Oubre, it can only get better from here it seems
I cant blame Steph for going 2-10, he aint been in the game since around the start of last season. Oubre's got some potential, I think Wiggins isn't it (4 TOS and fouls, thats really bad), but we'll see about it this coming season. Paschall's a sleeper, I think he could become a Dray-type player with better shooting. Wiseman played real good. You guys have no bench at all, that's something you guys need to figure out by the end of this season, or next season rather.
It’s been one fuckin game and Lebron just put up 30/11/8 in the finals at age 35💀💀💀, no it is not close

KD has never been better than Bron and he never will be
We can’t give out that title after one game, especially when lebron averaged a near 30 point triple double like 2 months ago
That's fair.
"BANG!"
"now they're saying there's a train going into the second building"
r/Fuckedupcomedy
This is the quality commenting I’m really here for
That’s the guiltiest laugh I’ve had in a while.
"Always open. Never closed." - MJax
"SEVEN ELEVEN IS MORE THAN A CONVENIENCE STORE!"
Idk. It was super obvious they were struggling to run the offense, which makes perfect sense with an extremely short camp and off season and little preseason action. Let’s wait until they settle in to jumó to any conclusions.
Think we can get 6-7th seed this year once things gel and we use our injured player exception to bring in another piece.

And if not we get two lottery picks in a super stacked draft, plus a returning Klay Thompson who will be at worst a quality starter. Long term prospects still looking sunny.
Steph can't win a ring without Klay!
ehh, he's not a floor raiser like a Harden/KD/LBJ are.  You take those guys and put them on a team of scrubs and they're probably winning 40 games minimum.

Steph's greatness is when you put him on a team with decent players who can pass well.  You do that and the ceiling for your team is very high.
My issue is with your defense. Granted Dray did not play, but you miss KD, Klay and Iggy on the defensive end very much.

Most people know the Warriors for their motion offense, but -really- it was their defensive end of things that turned them into the juggernaut they were. Curry is exposed hard when not playing among all time defenders, kyrie was MJ out there...
Not this year, but this season, duh!
Nik Stauskas walked so Kevin Durant could run
I don't know, the Timberwolves is pretty on point.
True they getting reverse beaten by the Jags LOL
On one hand I’m sorry you guys have to deal with him now. Truly infuriating. On the other, I’m glad he no longer plays for us.
Wiggins apparently is an NBA basketball player
Somehow 'eye test vs analytics' is still a thing despite Andrew Wiggins.
and cost a billion dollars
And some of those turnovers were LAZY
Lol.  I guess you guys really saw something in those 2 summer league games he played for Cleveland
in all fairness, if he grew up next to lebron, Wiggins could be a completely different player today.
He finally had the players around him to unlock his potential.
[deleted]
Also doesnt include in game advertising
That $30 million gets you a lot further in Minneapolis than San Francisco. He’s gonna have to start trying again 😂
Not for the weak of heart
One Draymond is not gonna mask all of the holes in the GSW defense. 

He quite literally might be the only consistent plus defender in the entire roster.
Most of the takes were that and that Kyrie was a cancer who did nothing in the Cavs series and will have zero chemistry and blow up the team
You never saw anybody pin the Nets as another 5-7 seed?  Or the claims KD wouldn't be KD because of the injury?  That Kyrie's a locker room cancer?  That Levert and Dinwiddie will be unhappy about losing touches and become disgruntled?

These were all takes from a vocal subset of this subreddit.  You're being hyperbolic if you never saw anyone say those things.
What? You never saw anyone say the nets might not be that good... we’re you on the same sub as I was?
Ehh, it's been one game, give kyrie some time. They looked good, but we'll see what happens.
Some people said that we would be #15 on the power rankings.
This sub last morning had them at around a 1% chance to make ECF
I agree, both have a lot of value
Bruh what are you even talking about?  I'm a blazers fan watching a blowout and being impressed by a good team.  You're either trolling or you must live a very lonely life
He's got better footwork than you expect to see from a rookie without a real camp.
Who the heck’s calling him a superstar lol

Wiseman was aggressive and active. All you can ask for on his debut tbh
I think it had its intended effect.  Salty media members that already didn't like Ky aren't even bothering to care about him/ask any more questions (or very least they're pretending).  TNT, ESPN, NBATV--none of the main broadcast teams on those networks are going to bother interviewing him before or after games.  He's burned that bridge and he could care less.  Media will take away any potentially earned ASG or all NBA team berths though
We’ll see
Y’all are real cocky after beating a shit warriors team
Yeah remember we really don't start the season until after Halloween....hey wait a second.
Two fast-paced teams means tons of possessions.  Adjusted for pace this would be like 93 points per 100 possessions.  The best team defensive rating last year was MIL at 102.9
naw, you can still come back from that in a regular season game, but that sh#t is insurmountable in the playoffs.
25 is not insurmountable but 28?? nahhh
He's referring to the Falcons Super Bowl
I've been watching hockey literally my entire life, and the only times I can ever recall seeing a double digit lead are when thhe Canadian women's team is blowing out lower ranked countries in the Olympics lol
I mean yes definitely they won’t be as good as previous years but Draymond is practically an on-court coach

The Warriors aren’t better than the Nets but they’re better than they looked today too
he had covid so couldnt attend the camp i believe
Oubre can’t pass for shit
They won't be what they were but they'll be way better than they looked tonight. This team was always going to take a month to hit their stride. They'll show improvement every game.
my high school had this huge 7 foot guy and our whole offensive scheme was to find him for easy layups since he literally could not be guarded.
TBH Draymond and Klay made insane improvements to their game under Kerr (Curry too). If getting someone who was bench player/rotation piece when you got there to 2x All-NBA, DPOY and 3x All star is not development then nobody is good developmental coach.
I mentioned it was a case of bad cop/good cop. To expand on that, hard nosed Mark Jackson pushed those players, and made them better. Defensively, he made them much, much better.  Then Kerr came along with his PJ , and Pop experience, and used those methods to harness that energy. I don't see Kerr ever taking a player type like Curry, and making him into a non defensive liability let alone what Jackson got out of Klay, and Draymond.  Again, 2 different coaching styles. 

My point stands, that Jackson deserves more credit for making offensive minded players into a very decent defense. Read the scouting reports to refresh your memory. They didn't play much d in college, and now 2 of the 3 core warriors are known for their defense as much as anything else.  Even if dude isn't the long term solution, he might be the coach that you bring in to get your young team ready for the NBA.
I do know that kids nowadays don't appreciate when people give it to them straight. You all want it candy coated. Mark wasn't fun to play for, but he got more out of them they would ever gotten on their own, or under coach Kerr.  

The most recent example of his mentality was during the finals.  Mark basically said the Heat gotta play harder. Fans around here were like.... "he's an idiot, the Heat can't play better. They are already giving it their all..."  What happened the next game? Jimmy and company put in work, came away with a big W, and made it a series.  They didn't have enough to win it all, but by having that attitude, and not rolling over, the heat made it a series. That was what Mark gave to your Warriors. He taught them that they can, and will compete at both ends. If you read through history, many great leaders were "toxic."
Well thank you.
We only need 597 downvotes.
Oubre was good outside of his shooting at least
*breaths in very deeply*

Idk about this one chief, warriors might not make the playoffs
Paschall is nothing like dray
He didn't do that the year before when KD was averaging 30 pts in the playoffs before his injury 

I would say KD was definitely better the year the Lakers didn't make it to playoffs with lebron
Well he will be at some point but I agree it hasn't happened yet
Are triple doubles still a thing in 2020?
Y’all wrong for this god damn lol
"BANG!"
"Now they're saying it was an explosion and not a gunshot"
“A FACIAL FROM UNITED AIRLINES ALL OVER THAT TOWER”
Of all the things I laugh at hysterically on the internet, I can't possibly explain this one to my wife.
Yeah this year teams' quality will be more ambiguous than ever as they all settle in at different rates after this short offseason. Some team will probably make a crazy unexpected run in the last half of the season just because they gelled at the right time.
>Let’s wait until they settle in to jump to any conclusions

Lol this is what was being said last season right up until Steph got hurt and shut it down. This roster lacks talent, Klay and Steph can only do so much.
Agreed
I agree with this take. His physical limitations make it impossible for him to truly carry like those other guys. But he can raise the ceiling of a good-great team like very few others
yeah I’d say that’s true for most point guards though
Our defense will be fine. This was fucking kyrie and kd calm down
Damn. Touche
We'll see what GS looks like once Draymond comes back, but they truly look like they need Wiggins to contribute this season to be successful. My oh my, are they in for a rude awakening.
Both eye test and analytics flag wiggins as trash player, idk how would he ever influence/end that debate.
Don't question him.

\*bark bark\*
I strongly disagree since one of Draymond's best qualities is bein the on-court defensive coordinator. Of course our team defense is going to look like shit without him, so many simple errors like blown rotations would not happen with Draymond signaling and yelling at everyone what they need to do. Instead in his spot we had Paschall, who is a slightly above average interior defender at best but a terrible defender on the perimeter
Which cavs series?
I can attest to this, I still believe he's a bad locker room presence. That said, their offense tonight looked outstanding, they generated a ton of great looks with their movement. I thought they'd be iso-ing more.
>Or the claims KD wouldn't be KD because of the injury

I literally brought that up a few comments ago.

No to the rest and for the  "kyrie cancer" thing, I only see people bring up how good of a relationship he has with the celtics more than anything else. Much of the kyrie talk I see around here is based on his weird ass comments like flat earth, KD's bring clutch, the coaching by committee thing and finally the pawns things a week ago. Cancer? I don't see that.
They've and I have said that they wouldn't be good IF KD wasn't himself after that injury. It was all dependent on KD.
Some or half?
To be fair the Nets had a lot of movement in rankings due to KD’s injury - how he performs is a big part of where they end up and thankfully he’s looking good
[deleted]
He's also 19, garbage time or not
lol people in warriors sub
Cocky after everyone was calling KD a role player in this sub
its still 99 point at the end of one game
*Falcons sweating in background*
Sorry to break the bit, but it was 25, the score was 28-3 before the comeback
the team looked a mess but on the bright side Wiseman definitely looks NBA ready barring a few things that he'll pick up with more experience. Wiggins was just bad and Curry was just bricking the 3s. I knew Wiggins was bricking but 4 for 16 was just yikes. Oubre had like two highlights but actually didn't really do much lol and the entire defensive side just falls apart. Of course Draymond is gonna fix some of this, and Wiseman's growth also can work. Nothing was sadder than Steph pulling 2 defenders to see Wiggins get an open look 3 and literally no one reacts and he still misses the open 3 lol.
Idk, reports say he has some injury in his hand/finger? or maybe they just report it like that so people won't panic. And they would expect him to be back on January.
No he can't.  He's a start in this league, but you're right he's not high IQ in that regards
Honest question: think they make the playoffs?
Height in high school is truly overpowered. 
Our lineup was me(5’11ish?), 6’1, 6’5, 6’7, 6’6 with a few 6’3+ guys on the bench. We were pretty short for our conference even barring a couple teams. 

We had a guy who our own student section nicknamed, “the black hole.” If he got the ball, you might as well just run back on defense. He either scored, turned it over, or was fouled. You weren’t getting it back. Lol. 
He ended up playing pro in China for a bit I think. He had the Attitude of James harden when forced to stay out of a strip club and the brains of House thinking he could get away with having a Covid tester stay in his room overnight. Nice guy off the court but probably the worst teammate I’ve ever had.
Popovich is often lauded as the greatest coach of all time despite being a very straightforward, no-nonsense kinda guy who tells it like it is. Which leads me to believe thats not the reason Mark was fired, but rather Mark Jackson kept pissing off people in the front office. He wanted to hire his own selected assistants for one rather than hiring the best staff available. He also was very egocentric, as well as being a very opinionated fundamentalist Christian, which didnt sit well with co-owner Rick Welts cuz hes gay. Lot of other personal issues he got into that I'm forgetting, but the point is he isnt just "telling it like it is", hes dragging down the culture and causing team dysfunction due to all his character issues n shitty relationship with the FO.

As far as the basketball is concerned, Kerr was a massive improvment over Jackson. Mark kept playing Curry like a old school point gaurd with alot of pick and rolls and little off ball movement which was a waste of talent, its no coincidence Curry won MVP the first season Kerr implemented the motion offense system. Kerr also started Draymond and even played him at the 5 at times which at the time was very rare to see such an undersized guy playing the 5 spot. Mark, whos more traditional in his coaching, wouldnt have started Draymond and even if he did, he wouldnt utilize him properly by playing him at the 3 spot. Jackson helped build us into a playoff team but to act like Curry wouldnt have been an MVP talent without him is ridiculous
Sigh....

*Starts creating emails just to downvote this comment*
It’s been one game lmao
Running out of time...
Half this sub probably doesn’t even actually remember that day and/or wasn’t alive then so
Oh what an attack from bin laden
"From deep Downtown!"
It’s dark humour, not everyone gets it.
The roster definitely has talent, its just ppl dont like hearing “steph cant take a team with this roster to the playoffs”

I get a lot of hate for saying this but i dont think the two time mvp can do it, i would LOVE to see him dow it but probably wont happen, warriors wont make it to the playoffs this year and probably next year as well
Probably right.  In the last 10 years, only ones I can think of are: CP3, Derrick Rose's MVP year, Harden (if you count him at PG), Russell Westbrook for 1 or 2 seasons.  Mayybbbeee count Damian Lillard too
We have seen guys like AD play at a DPOY level on the Pelicans yet the Pelicans team defense was always ranked middle of the pack because the rest of the Pelicans were really weak defensively. 

It’s impossible for one player alone to carry a team defensively night in and night out. Because defense is reactionary and you are at the whim of the offense. Smart offenses and offensive players know who to target on defense and how to minimize great defenders. When looking at team defense I feel like the weakest links are more indicative of a team’s defensive level rather than their best defender. 

Dray can for sure solve some of the defensive holes but there is just way too many for one player alone. Like I said, he might legitimately be the only positive defender on the roster. 

We also saw Dray’s defense slip considerably last year. I have a feeling part of that slip was the lack of defensive talent on the team, as it’s hard to be an impact defender as a back line player when you’re spread too thin . And that defensive talent is still lacking on this team.

Imo GSW is almost a lock to be a below average defense and there’s a good chance they’re bottom 10.
2016
Thanks yeah. Both he and KD were out there encouraging the younger players and his playmaking was looking better than ever. I know we have a long season but the chemistry out there is light years beyond what I expected before I saw them play. Fingers crossed it stays that way.
[here’s one with like 600 upvotes](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/j3ctoc/comment/g7b110u)

Also from that thread with 70 upvotes:
“ They won't make it that far. Towards the end of the season with the Nets struggling to get the 6th seed Kyrie will mysteriously injure the pinkie nail on his non-shooting hand and hell shut himself down for the year.”



[here’s another example](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/jz8h8f/comment/gdagjpu)
Wow, you caught me.  Good job, dude.  I am, by definition, someone's nephew.  

Guess I'll have to go murder my 4 remaining uncles to lift the curse
Yah well fans overate their players. It’s normal
math can be hard, sorry
it was a mild strain foot i think
Just a foot sprain, he'll play either next Christmas or the next game on Sunday.
Depends on how long Klay is out.
I 100% think they will make the playoffs, barring major injury of course.

The Nets are probably one of the best two teams in the East and this team has tons of new players who haven't played together, limited training camp that was also impacted by COVID, this is a team that will take time to gel. Continuity is really important in basketball. 

I know some people will find this laughable but I'm predicting a 5 to 7 seed, they won't have to play-in.
See my team was from a rural county in Ohio where most the schools only graduated 50-60 kids. The tallest guy in the conference was 6'7, most team's tallest guy was 6'4 or 6'5
All your points avoid giving him his due for teaching them to play defense. Something Kerr would not be able to do. Kerrs wins are with players taught by Mark Jackson, but we also saw those same results when Walton took over for half a season.  Lets see what Kerr gets out of his picks. #2 is higher than anything Jackson got.
Same thing they said last year before steph got hurt, hey man i prolly will get downvoted but at the end of the year the warriors not making thr playoffs, steph can not lead this roster to the playoffs, hes not that type of player
I mean Lebron has to turn 40 eventually
eh, it’s going-to-hell material, but it’s also been 19 years since then
Mama there goes that plane
WITH 6/10THS OF THE PEOPLE REMAINING.
AD is not a defensive captain type player like Dray is. Also Im not saying Dray will carry us or anything, but his presence and on court instruction is gonna really help Wiggins and Oubre in particular out on the team defense side of things. Both those players have shown great individual defense skill in the past, and with Draymond can be great team defenders as well. Im confident we'll still at least be an above average defense this year. Oubre and Wiggins can be great defenders for us if they adjust next to Dray like I expect them to, Curry will just be average like usual, and center position its hard to tell rn but Looneys good and Wisemans def got a lot of potential on that end
 That's some nonsense because he clearly played a major role in the finals. You're taking some dumb fans opinions too seriously.
It's game 1 still though. If you go by only talent this is no surprise, but can they be good leaders throughout the whole season and the playoffs is the question. Kyrie still leaves bad taste in people's mouths after Boston, we'll see hopefully he's turned a new leaf.
Looking through it, that has more to do with them having a new coach that's never coached before and the coaching by committee thing I mentioned. 

>Also from that thread with 70 upvotes: “ They won't make it that far. Towards the end of the season with the Nets struggling to get the 6th seed Kyrie will mysteriously injure the pinkie nail on his non-shooting hand and hell shut himself down for the year.”

Well, that's not exactly out of the question. Season just started and Kyrie has been shut down before.

(Also this guy is not exactly wrong)[https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/jz8h8f/which_teams_will_be_the_biggest_overachievers_or/gdagjpu/] Kyrie, when it's his team, has never really done that well and those celtics and technically the cavs were in a worse situation partially because of him. I'm not a kyrie hater, but he's not far off there.
Oh, thanks
Believe he is out the whole season, no?
I went from a rural school like that in Indiana to a city(30-40k) school with about 1500-2000 students. Not big by any means but we were in one of the bigger conferences and played in a lot of big tournaments. It was wild when I’d go back and watch my old schools games if they had like a Saturday game and I had the weekend off or something. The style of play was so slow. I’m talking like 50 points total games. Then the fouls and play were soft af. It was fundamentally a better game but it was a very different feel for sure.
He didnt help us that much on defense as much as Kerr did by starting Draymond and instituting a switch heavy system
KD will be 37, Luka will probably be better than him at that point
lmfaoo
This is 9/11, not the US constitutional convention, right ?

6/10  = 3/5 of the people ..
How much have you seen Oubre and Wiggins play before they got to GSW? Neither have been particularly great defenders. Wiggins especially has been a pretty bad defender for the majority of his career. Oubre has been passable though at least. Hoping that Oubre and Wiggins become good defenders is nothing but wishful thinking. Ask Minnesota fans how it felt rooting for Wiggins to become a great defender. 

Curry has been an average to above average defender in the past but that was when the roster was stocked with defensive talent and that allowed him to be hidden on defense. Now GSW doesn’t have the defensive talent to hide Curry on defense. I think Curry’s defense is gonna plummet this year to how he was before the Kerr-era.

I think Looney is good defensively. Idk about Wiseman. He definitely has the potential but it’s really rare for rookie centers to be good defenders. The last big who made a legit impact defensively was AD, and he was probably the GOAT defender in NCAA. 

I think it’s a near lock that the GSW end the season with a below average DRTG. Kerr is a great coach and it’s not insane to think he can coach them up to be better than their parts, but it’s legitimately hard to come up with 10 teams that have less defensive talent than the Warriors.
It was all over this sub all off season - I don’t really care but you can’t pretend like people weren’t posting that constantly
For sure. They looked better, more invested and more locked in than I expected. But you’re right. The key is keeping it locked in long term which remains to be seen.
Yep. I dont think they make the playoffs.
I never said anything about being the best in the league, just better than Lebron
Oubre and Wiggins, again, have shown flashes of being great defenders, at least individually. They certainly have the physical tools, and (for Oubre anyways) the motor, for them to be positive defenders its really just about playing consistent, smart team defense by doing the little things like making the right switch or providing help when needed. Thats what I noticed watching the Nets game. Our defense didn't look that atrocious in the 1st quarter, Kyrie and KD just kept hitting tough shots, and when our defensive coverage did break down, a lot of times it was due to blown rotations or other minor careless mistakes of that nature. I actually think Oubre/Wiggins in this respect can be compared to Klay, as they can be great individual defenders, but need help at being good team defenders.

The reason I'm optimistic abt our defense dramatically improving with Draymond back in isn't just because of his own defensive abilities (tho you'd have to imagine replacing Paschall with Green in the starting lineup is a huge step up regardless), but rather his role as an on-court defensive coordinator. He knows what play the team is gonna run before the other team inbounds the ball, directs players to the exact spots n positions they need to go, tell them when to switch drop or provide help, etc. As a result players become far better defenders playing with him. I mean, Curry went from being considered one of the league's worst defenders to being an average defender (while still putting up huge numbers on offense) when we started Draymond in '15. KD became a DPOY candidate. Hell, Dray even turned the perception of Javale McGee from a bumbling lackadaisical fool to a respectable high motor shot blocking interior defender. Similiar thing can be said with Chriss too actually

Which brings me onto my next point with Wiseman. Going into season, I thought the exact same abt him as you, that he has potential but isnt going to look that good as a rookie. However now that I actually got to watch him play, I was very suprised and impressed by how he played on defense. He had much better lateral mobility and ability to stay infront of his man then I anticipated, as well as being decent (at least from what I remember) in drop coverage pick and roll. He also did a lot of little hustle things super well, like boxing out other big guys and knowing when to (as well as just being able to) rapidly close out on an open shooter. He did have some issues like tracking down rebounds and other common rookie gaffes, but the fact that hes already playing this well in NBA defense, despite there being no Draymond, no training camp, and not having really played any games since his third one in college, really gets me excited for how good he might look at the end of the year esp when you remember that its usually centers who benefit the most defensively playin alongside Draymond.

You may be right about Curry, and Wiggins is prone to shit the bed at times, both of which could and probably would stop us from a deep playoffs run. But as far as the regular season goes, I think its def think we are at least league average in DTRG. Unless Wiggins and/or Oubre dont buy into Dray's team defensive scheme which wld fuck that up
I'm honesty having a hard time believing that.
Every player in the NBA has shown flashes at being good defenders. It’s the nature of a large sample size that with variance some players will have good defensive nights. What separates the actually good defenders from bad defenders is consistency. And neither Wiggins nor Oubre have consistently proved to be good defenders. Wiggins has proved the opposite and he’s consistently proven to be a bad defender. 

Having an on court defensive coordinator is nice but I’m skeptical whether that moves the needle much if the rest of the team is lacking defensively. The majority of defense happen in split seconds and that’s not nearly enough time to have Dray shout instructions at someone.

Also it wasn’t just the emergence of Dray that elevated all these defenders. Iggy was a premier elite wing defender and he’s gone now. Klay was too and he’s out now. Durant has always flashed weak-side playmaking skills and he did well in that in GSW.  (KD was never was a DPOY contender though. That was just a silly narrative that this sub ran with. He didn’t even make an all-defense team let alone place in DPOY). That team top to bottom was stacked with great defenders. It’s ridiculous to say that was all because of Dray. He played a big part in it but the defensive talent on those teams was really good aside from him.

It’s hard to judge how Wiseman did because like 8 of his minutes came in garbage time. The GSW defense as a whole was awful to start the game though. Wiseman moved great but he got picked on in the PnR a bit (I don’t think the gameplan was to drop on Kyrie and if so that’s a stupid gameplan) and he was not rebounding well. Tbf though the whole defense was awful and it’s hard to blame it on just him. I would say though nothing about last night showed that he was on AD’s level of defense as a rookie. Jury is still out whether he’s above average on that end but history shows that it would be very unlikely if he is.

I think Dray can take GSW from like a bottom 5 defense to a bottom 10-13 defense assuming WS back at DPOY form. It’s really hard to see them being a top 12-13 defense though. You’d have to be doing a lot of wishful thinking.
Right there’s just two random people lying to you for no reason. Believe that instead?
I mean yes, but also no. A poor defender can have a defensive highlights, but often they lack the athleticism and quickness to be good defenders which Oubre and Wiggins clearly have. I'm not sure where you got the idea that Oubre is not a good defender who at his absolute worst is average. Like yeah I'm guessing his advanced stats were shit last year but of course theyd be, Phoenix was a non-playoff team (and Oubre didn't play in the bubble either). From the few games I watched of him in Phoenix and in the pre-season, the eyetest made him out to be a great versatile on-ball defender who's game is extremely well suited for the Warrior's brand of defense as he exploits rotations to get monster blocks and defensive stops at the rim. Similar thing with Wiggins, though as you said hes far more inconsistent. Like when we played the Lakers last year he looked 2014 Kawhi Leonard guarding Bron and AD, while other times he looks lethargic and lazy on defense. However, though inconsistent in past, that isn't reason to assume Oubre or Wiggins are not able to change and improve in the right circumstances, especially when their biggest defensive weakness besides consistency, help defense, is mostly if not completely alleviated by Draymond who makes everyone look like great help defenders. Besides if the Warriors FO didn't think Wiggins could be a good defensive player, we wouldn't have made the trade for him, or we would've traded him by now. I remember hearing one of the reasons we let D'Lo go so early, besides his poor fit with Steph, was that he frustrated the shit out of Draymond and Kerr by just not giving a shit on defense despite having the physical tools for it. If they don't think that about Wiggins, that's reason enough to assume he can at least be an above average defender.

Draymond does move the needle that much, you're really understating his impact on the defensive side of things. You're correct that defense happens in split seconds, but that is actually enough time for Draymond to direct a guy to the right rotation or position. If you watch slow motion tape of the Warrior's defense w/ Dray, its kinda crazy actually how quickly his mind works setting up the defense. Hes there yelling or gesturing to guys where to go all while analyzing the opposing team's play and exactly how he's gonna counter it. Playing with him will be a god-send for great on-ball guys like Oubre or locked-in Wiggins since it takes out the mental part of help defense and can allow them to look truly elite defensively. Its why Klay looks so great defensively too despite being a rather mediocre off ball/help defender. 

For KD yeah prolly was hyperbole on my part but at the start of the season that year he legitimately did look that good on defense, and certainly during his stint with his he looked better on defense than he did in OKC which can be chopped to natural development Ig but he was like, 29 I think? when he first came so maybe not. And you are right on Iguodala too, forgot to mention that but I think not having a guy like him is something we won't notice in regular season but bite us in the ass in the postseason.

Wiseman didn't play that much, and it is just one game after all so it remains to be seen, but still, its a very promising sign that not only did he prove a lot of people saying he was gonna be a shitshow defensively completely wrong, but he also looks like he belongs defensively in his first ever NBA game, which as you pointed out, isn't something you really see in rookie big men. Even him just being an average defender is a plus for us this year with his lateral mobility.

But yeah I really don't see how we're gonna be a below average defense this year. Even if we are and I'm completely wrong on this, I still think its better to just wait a month or two and see how the team plays defensively with the best defender on the team not out with injury. Just as poor defenders can have good defense games, good defenders can have poor defensive games so its still too early to really think the Warriors will play like they did last night all year, with or without Dray
I'm actually you're just exaggerating the amount of it.
It seems like your hopes are really high for this GSW team and I’m not gonna be the one to tell you that it’s misplaced. I actually do hope GSW manages to become competitive this year because Curry is a joy to watch and it would suck having a year of his prime wasted. I’m way more pessimistic on the team than you are but if GSW manages to find a way to become competitive then that would make the league really entertaining so I’m all for it. 

I’m rooting for a LAL vs GSW matchup in the playoffs. Would love to see LeBron match up against Curry but with LeBron having the far better team this time around. It would be an interesting wrinkle compared to all the other times they matched up and I’m sure they’d both be in finals form in that series.
Okay. I don’t know what to tell you. If you didn’t see it you clearly weren’t very involved
Praying we end up like the Lakers with unexpected roleplayers taking big leaps for us, thats the only way I think we'd be genuine title contenders this year. Realistically tho I expect us to get anywhere from like 7-3 in seeding barring injuries. Dont want a Lakers match up tho, cause we'd probably lose that series and Id never hear the end of it from Lakers fans😅
I've frequented this sub for a few years now. If it was all over this sub, I would've seen it.
Yeah that and finding a way to get a top 5ish player like AD on the team without sacrificing any depth lol.

But yeah a Lakers-GSW matchup would likely get pretty ugly. More or less what happened in the Lakers Blazers series. I personally think GSW is in the 6th-8th seed range so it’s entirely possible. The only way they get in the 3rd-5th range is if teams in front of them get devastated by injuries or Covid.
Bro, someone please tell Harden he's allowed to shoot. He runs the entire bench squad and takes 0 shots.
Brooklyn games are gonna be must watch shit

Someone for them is dropping 40

Someone on the opponent is dropping 40

I feel like every game will go to crunch time 

Just wild things happening at all times
Bam is special
What an ugly win. We can’t win a championship if we’re giving up 120+ a night.
Lmao, the security legit broke up Bam and Kyrie trying to hug eachother after the game. Papa Silver wasn't kidding about that extra COVID security
Bam got 40 with only 4 made shots in the restricted area.  He was 6/9 on non-RA paint shots, 3/5 from mid range, 1/1 from 3, and 12/14 from the line.
A few notes:

 1. Kyrie saved the fuck out of us

 2. 3x Scoring champ James Harden is just refusing to shoot the ball?????

 3. Bam was hitting some wild ass shots 

 4. Possibly the worst officiating i’ve seen in years
Bam's been so good; his midrange shot is beautiful
Good game. Would be a lot funner if this fucking team could ever be whole again.
Miami fully healthy is still really dangerous. I know the record isn’t good right now, but I could see them in the conference finals again
This showed why the Heat made the finals
Ugh, I wasn't expecting to win this one, but what a tease. Every single time we pulled within one point, Kyrie scored. Incredible game from Bam, carrying us all the way
Heat did everything right except in this last 5 seconds
Not even a Heat fan and I'm pissed they didn't take the timeout
I was expecting the L. I don't care.

Bam got 40!!! Let's fucking go!
600 BBIQ move by Harden to foul Bam instead of letting the Heat shoot a 3 to try and tie the game
Harden needs to shoot more. Bam is a monster. This defense won’t be fixed overnight.
Bam is the real deal
“Let’s trade Kyrie” - scores 18 in the 4th and wins the game
Everyone actin like kyrie has been the reason we lost the last two games but man he’s been fantastic these past 3 games.
Harden playing every possession like he's one assist away from a triple double
Wtf was Spo doing not calling a timeout there?
[deleted]
I know its the new thing now to shit on Kyrie, but DAMN is he clutch. This guy was born to play in the 4th quarter.
It makes no sense why these dudes can’t hug pregame but be sweating all over each other in the game. Explain.
I want mf JIMMY BUTLER BACK ALREADY! FUCK!!!!!! AHHH
Bam is surprising me yet again another season. I knew bam would do good against the nets but not the way he did it tn. A sore loss but w/e. also point guard harden lol, not the way i expected him to go.
42 points for the Heat in the 4th. Rumors of the Nets' awful D were... not exaggerated at all!
Harden somehow forgot that shooting is an option...never thought I'd say that sentence
Refs were on one this game
I just noticed the Heat and Raptors have a negative record, wtf.
I’m perplexed as to why james harden isn’t being james harden. He’s playing so passive, even with the second unit. Like cmon man, I’d rather see you drive to the basket than see Reggie Perry fumble another pass.

This Nets team really has to cut down on turnovers as well. This game wouldn’t have been close if they didn’t have so many boneheaded turnovers. Yes, the officiating was horrible, but still not an excuse for such sloppy play.
God I love this Brooklyn team. Their matches are full of buckets and the narrative is so fun. Yes they won but Bam lit it the fuck up just as doubters were saying and Jimmy ain’t even back yet
Great game from Bam but holy shit what a painful loss
It hurts to watch harden play like this lol. Dude is scared of stepping on KD and Irving foot or something. Sure CP3 is nice, but no team would trade their future draft and young talents for another CP3 when they could get the actual CP3 cheaper. How the hell the 3 times  scoring champion refuse to shoot with bench squad is unbelievable. Shoot the damn ball! It helps you and your teammates.
I miss you Jimmy and Tyler :(
Can we please get a Bam Adebayo highlight real from tonight posted?!
It is game 7 of the 2021 NBA Finals between the NY Nets and the LA Lakers. You have been watching basketball since you were 8 years old when Golden State won their first NBA championship with Curry in 2015. The score is 125-121, LA Lakers lead with 00:15 left in the 4th.


 “This game is over, Harden doesn’t play defense” you say to yourself as Lebron passes to AD in the high post. 


Harden comes from behind and strips the pass. Timeout is called. Harden hits the floor as Dennis Shroeder literally punches him in the balls passing by on his way to the bench. 


“What a flopper” you say as he drains the tech free throw. 


He sinks the first of the remaining 2, and you tell yourself “This Harden guy is so passive in the playoffs, game is over” Harden misses the second but fights for his own rebound and takes it outside. 


“He’s such a ballhog” you say as he dribbles 10 seconds off the clock before driving to the rim. 


The imposing figure of AD stops Harden in his tracks but he no-look passes the ball to a wide open Kyrie in the corner who drains the 3 as time expires. Nets win the championship 126-125, confetti streams down the arena as the Nets players embrace in tears. 


You smirk to yourself, “Still only won by 1 point”.
Iggy straight sold this game at the end those 2 possessions were pivotal
Worst D in the league and the heat shot 29% from three. Imagine if they shot like 35 they would have crushed them
Duncan RObinson had 11 points in the 4th quarter nbd
ending felt like a college game
Eh, Miami was short handed
Brooklyn are absolutely much watch, their solution to defending the 6"9 center on 40 pts in a tight game with about 2 mins left is an Irving and Harris double team lmao.
Jesus christ can we have our players back?
I want my roster back
With the lack of Nets defense its giving us some great close right to the end games.
Am i crazy to think that I'd rather have Bam over Giannis for this season and the next 5? His midrange looks completely butter for a guy his size and he's not afraid of pulling up in front of KD. That's might just unlock him as an MVP candidate.
Maybe Harden really is done with that iso stuff after all
Why does Harden not shoot anymore
Honestly, if you said you were from the future and told me that Embiid had a 60 point playoff game against this Nets defense, I would not be surprised.
Harden only took 8FGA, that’s gotta be the lowest amount he’s taken in a game in a *long* time, right?
Highlights of this one should only be the last 1 minute of the game
Omg imagine losing to the nets hehe
The Nets really traded Jarrett Allen and Caris LeVert for a bigger bearded Ricky Rubio
Holy hell the officiating in this game was as bad as I’ve seen in a while. Credit to Bam on a great offensive game though, dude was just not missing.

In other news.... what the shit got into Harden??? He needs to be waaaaay more aggressive if we’re going to be competitive. He looked flat all game and didn’t really give much effort on defense.

Side note, credit to Deandre Jordan for not being absolutely terrible tonight.
Dunno why harden is taking a back seat to kyrie..
The Nets really need James Harden to decide he wants to play basketball again.
Looks like Harden has turned into Rondo
Harden bro, be a bit more selfish lmao
Weird that I couldn’t find this game thread just by browsing r/nba by best... oh, it’s because the Nets won.
IDK guys, 12 points on 2 field goals is pretty Hardenesque.
Point guard Harden is what Russ should be.
The Nets man, why gave up JA! I miss him playing in Brooklyn
Everyone been saying Kyrie gonna be the 3rd option when the trade was announced, but from the looks of every game played so far i think this is Hardens roll on the team. Making tough shots, getting to the line, running the bench, but being 3rd fiddle to KD and Kyrie
If Brooklyn Nets keep playing like this, I'm gonna have a heart attack..
We’re gonna be called trash whether we win or lose
Not gonna to lie, I was hoping for a Nets loss for the drama
Nice. Harden trying to go for the 6MOTY award while we mortgaged our future for an MVP. 😃👍
Harden with the galaxy brain foul. 420 IQ.
Wait but I was told the Nets would never win again
So the nets are gonna allow 120 points per game.
It seems like James is deciding to play like he did in OKC to make this work.
JOEY BUCKETS
kyrie is so goddamn clutch
Hope the refs won all the money they clearly had on the game. Amazing performance by them.
Spolestra what are you thinking? 
How do you not call a timeout there? 


Bam put the league on notice tonight. He made the jump a max player is expected to make. 


Duncan has to be more consistent. If he makes 2 or 3 of those open threes, this game script is different. 


I miss Jimmy.
The Nets bench is yikes
These Nets look like they’ll be unguardable in crunch time since they are all ridiculous threats. 

I’d like to see them vs. the Sixers and Celtics to see if they can dig a bit deeper, because I think the Lakers still beat this team comfortably since none of them have the edge against LeBron.

(Inb4 Durant went to GSW)
Scores during Nets games are always all-star game level lmao
Does anyone have a video of Bam's missed alley-oop from the first half where his hands looked they could've reached the top of the backboard? 

I needs to see that again.
Every big eats against the Nets
The Nets didn’t record a single steal?
Worst officiating this season yet
Why not take a timeout there??
Got a few white hairs from this game.
Another consistent and good game from Kyrie despite people trying to put any deficiencies from the trio on him, nice one for him.
Think the Nets gets Javale McGee. 

Or the Cavs keep him to hurt the Nets?
We need Dort
nets the true definition of paper tiger, every game is close but only because both teams are blowing eachother out  


just not a good look for the nets to be playing durant and harden especially 35+ a night, that's so riduclous that it literally has to be like that and they barely win games  


even if they gel they're just so bad at overall defense, i think they're going to have real problems when defense amps up in the playoffs, the big 3 literally going to have to play 40+ at this rate
Every Nets game score really gonna be 

Opponent: x

Nets: x+m 

where m<=4
Harden won this game by fouling. Let that sink in
They had a hard time beating the heat without their best player playing a single minute. Don’t want to be that guy but if Haslem plays tonight, me thinks it’s a different ball game.
That shit would not end
We're gonna be seeing this score line a lot from Brooklyn games aren't we? They need to fix their defence.
Bam with a 40-piece, no Jimmy Butler and only losing by 4 to this Nets team is disgusting.
CALL THE TIMEOUT
wow this game and ending in particular was fucking insane. props to bam and the heat for leading that big comeback from down a ton fucking hell
Nets big 3 dont seem that impressive because they have lost so many defence and rebounding pieces. Harden seems to be too conscious about being a facilitator and is ending up playing like Rondo. Miami fought hard considering they were without a lot of players.
let’s fucking go boys
Only by 4, against a severely shorthanded Heat. Not bad at all.
Spo fucked it
Why the hell didn’t they take that TO after the Kyrie miss?
If they can barely beat a depleted heat team they’re in some big trouble lmao
Give KD or Embiid  the MVP
theyre too talented and crowded at the small spots, and have no bench. durant is not a center unfortunately.

also damntoni and nash suck honestly.
The Nets might have won this game but I wouldn't really consider this a win for them mentally. It's embarrassing the had to eek out this win against Miami who is missing Jimmy Butler and Herro. Bam dropping 40 points too lmao. This isn't a good sign in all honesty. They have a LOT of work to do after another mediocre showing with all of the "big 3" playing because if they play like this in the playoffs they are going to get eviscerated. Especially down the stretch in that final 2 minutes of the game.

I love the fight Miami showed in this game.
Are the Nets still bad or what’s the new narrative tonight?
none of the nets win have been impressive tbh,they have all been fought really hard for
Nets are not going no where they could barely beat a short handed heat team also let’s talk about the defense they allowed 124 points you have to be drunk if you think this team is contending for a title no depth no defense just a bunch of dribbling offensive players 

Also Shoutout to Bam he proved why he deserved that contract
Incredible performance by Bam, he was unguardable tonight. And the Miami heat made a major comeback against a Brooklyn big 3 without Jimmy, Tyler, and AB. All I’m saying is if the Heat had 2 of the 3 missing guys I mentioned they win tonight.
Jesus, when they play Nuggets or Sixers  Jokić or Embiid gonna drop 60
if we meet this team in the finals we might sweep em

Also Harden REALLY with 8 FGA damn
Harden only got 8 shots?
Harden with just 10 points
GG Heat without Butler, Bradley and Herro, for sure yall would of won.

BKN, wtf?
Nets better hope they never play Philly in the playoffs, Embiid would eat them alive
Harden play like 35 years old Chris Paul with more turnovers. Holy shit man even CP shoots more shots than him. Healthy rockets with Wood and Wall + Harden are definitely better than this current Nets team of KD Harden and Irving.
Why didn't Miami call a timeout after Kyrie's missed FT?

The Nets is going to be a joke this season.  No defense, no depth.
This Nets team has the worst defense of any contender in recent memory. They're just awful in every sense of the word.
Nets struggling.
Heat not really looking good this year, but tbh it’s not really a shock. They definitely overachieved last season, but people didn’t want to accept that. 

Butler isn’t the type of player to carry a team and their roster doesn’t have enough overall talent.
The nets are not good
[deleted]
Exactly! He took, what, 2 shots in the first half? That’s ridiculous, You’re the 3x scoring champion!
That’s what’s really baffling tbh. Him having some games in the teens is to be expected, but ultimately he needs to be getting buckets when the bench comes out. That’s his role. This isn’t the Raptors with Lowry, their bench was actually good. The role of the Nets bench is to get out of his way and let him cook
Pretty sure it's on purpose. He's trying to completely change/adapt his game to be the big playmaker and passer while Kyrie and Durant focus on the pure scoring.
he’s playing with the bench squad that can’t even make their shots.. he needs to use that time to be selfish and score
This is the classic superstar joins a new team and then wants to show everyone how selfless he is phase. KD did the same shit on the Warriors. Don't think the nets intended on trading everything for a guy to get Draymond level statlines without the defense.
It shows that he is willing to adapt.
Once they play together more he'll know when to step up on scoring but for now the most important thing is to figure out the flow.

I am pleasintly suprised with Harden honestly, it must not be easy to switch to a more regular system from such a iso heavy system he played in in Houston.

That being said i think he is slowing down the game a bit, he stops on purpose and dribbles and looks to set up half court offence where he is the pass first play. There was a few instances where instead he could get a quick layup or make use of the transition opportunity.
Exactly what I was thinking.. He should be taking more shots
Something is seriously wrong with that dude. He's either being an asshole who doesn't want to mesh with a certain style other than his own just to prove a point or he's wildly out of shape.
He’s been completely out of it all season long.
This ending was one of the most insane I’ve seen all year the way the Heat would just not go away
It’s making me worried that the stars will have to play deep minutes every game to grind out a win. Playing KD and Kyrie (to some extent) 40 minutes a night to acquire regular season wins might prove to be detrimental to the long-term outlook for this team.
Just standard Nets basketball.
People have been joking about a "team scores 160 opposing team scores 155" team like a Dlo + KAT + Booker team-up  for a few years now and we finally have one and I love it
Trading buckets all game for an entire season.
My heart is not ready for this
Easily the #1 League Pass team, Idk who else would be close
I wouldn't even mind watching them against the wolves lmao, that game would probably be 160 - 130
He was fuckin hoopin, lookin real nice from mid range too. Those missed free throws at the end were tuff tho but he’s the one who started the comeback so
How are those clutch Robinson 3s not posted yet holy fuck tho jesus
He needs to shoot more threes he’s got a jumper he’s being left wide and he needs to shoot it, it would open up so much more of our offense.
He has such an advanced feel for how to draw fouls. That plus his FT% so far this year is such a huge step.
MIP
Yeah, he might set the blueprint up for a new type of big in the future
We're a top 3 worst defence in the league since the first two games
Wizards fans in shambles, punching the air after reading this.
To be honest, the defense and the effort this game did look slightly better than some of the previous games. I know that’s not saying much, but Bam also made some ridiculously difficult shots down the stretch.
Yup, as a neutral this is peak must-watch regular season basketball. But if you’re a Brooklyn fan with championship dreams it’s concerning. Butler ain’t even back yet, Heat would torch this Brooklyn team if it was the playoffs and both teams had their players.
> What an ugly win.

It was close in the end, but BK’s stars can hit late game shots. So I think this was a good performance overall.

At the same time, I’m not going to pretend like Adebayo didn’t smash his career high on this team LOL
Got bad news for ya...
Thank god we followed social distancing guidelines and gave them six feet distance whenever they came into the paint
I think they were gonna swap jerseys too
Kind of ridiculous that they can post up and sweat on each other all game but cant swap jerseys
Dragic and Duncan stepped up huge there to cut the lead down. When Kyrie missed that free throw I was like holy fuck Miami is destined to win
While guarding kd half the game
2/2 on buzzer beating 3s
Only 5 rebounds smh
The man could not miss.
Damn this is what AD can do consistently against the nets big man rotation. Nets need something there bad
The 3 was a fluke but everything else is what we are all hoping he starts doing more often, we need aggressive Bam to show up a lot more often and consistently
Harden is taking this facilitator role to an extreme lmao, bro shoot the ball
There was a play where he was wide open in the paint but choose to throw bullet pass right through KDs legs lmao...
if harden actually shoots the ball i doubt the game is ever close
* Kyrie came in clutch offensively and defensively with the timely help on Bam. 

* KD just doing KD things, easiest 30 ever. Just knocking them down like it's nothing. 

* You're absolutely right about Harden but he redeemed himself with that 9000IQ level foul on Bam to end it lol

* Agreed about the refs too. It was like they tried to take KD out of the game, even lost a challenge against him, it was kinda weird.. Then to end the game they just ran amuck with the 3pt fouls.
> 3x Scoring champ James Harden is just refusing to shoot the ball?????

This the most bizarre thing and why the r/NBA and pundit criticisms of Kyrie hogging shots didn't make sense. Harden's not even taking shots when he's leading the bench unit without Kyrie or KD and it led to an 11-0 Heat run at the start of the fourth in like 90 seconds. He has open looks and mismatch opportunities and is just not doing anything with it.
I don't want to see anymore Kyrie slander when it comes to his ball skills. He has been balling out since he came back, and Harden refusing to shoot has nothing to do with Kyrie "disrupting chemistry."
At least all your games will be fun. Every game's gonna end up 130-120.
Agreed on all your points. Gritty win by the nets, but so much to improve on. Harden needs to find his place in the offense, the turnovers NEED to be cut down, and Steve Nash has to never play Reggie Perry ever again.
He’s trying to find his place in the offense. Even without Kyrie he wasn’t 2019 James Harden.
Harden attempted 8 shots tonight, which is his personal lowest FGA in a game since December 14th, 2016 when he only took 7 shots in a 34 point win against the Kings where he had 15/11/14.
Another note, heat missing two starters
5. Nets played their starters 38 min to barely beat a gleague squad and Bam.
Also, to the people who were saying Nets don't need Kyrie.. where are you guys now?
> Possibly the worst officiating i’ve seen in years

iunno man, the knicks/warriors game the other night was fucking awful too
Bam is a future mvp candidate. Every time I see him play its a show.
I couldn’t believe that this was the first game since the bubble where he’s made a three. I feel like he’s not a terrible shooter, so that statistic caught me off guard a bit.
What’s going on with butler?
The record doesn't mean shit, it's hilarious that some ppl are doubting them making the playoffs. When the full team is back soon they'll pick it up
They’re missing their leader/top player and still took the Nets to the wire with Kyrie and KD going nuclear. Cannot be dismissed
Nets/6ers/heat in conference finals is gonna be great
Nah no way they make the ECF. They definitely overachieved last season. People will downvote me but save my comment and I guarantee you the Heat will not make the ECF
Jimmy Butler wasn't playing this game?
As the second quarter ticked down I was ready to close the stream. Then Bam has to go and land his first three of the season and I stick around. Then he goes nuclear... AND ROBINSON making insane threes when we need them.

If either Herro or Butler were there. Shit, even if Bradley were there it could have been the difference.
Yeah on a team with Kevin Durant and Harden, Kyrie is still the best scorer many nights. He is just that good.
Apparently the refs couldn't hear Spo call timeout with his mask on
Not getting a rebound for the first 10 minutes was also not getting it right. The Heat constantly put themselves in uphill battles by shitting the bed in the first quarter.
Iggy turning over the ball twice in the last 2 minutes was not right
Including paying off the refs lmao
Yea the refs ignored spo
Same lol I'm a Raptors fan and was big mad.
More like learning from the Sexton experience
It only came after a 0 IQ move by Spo / Iggy to not call timeout as soon as they got the rebound.
i think nash was right there yelling foul
that's the obvious play, real question is why heat didn't take a timeout there
After Kyrie failed to do that last game, I'm glad we were able to do it here.
That's standard basketball. Nothing special.
Kyrie really made Harden the Bosh of the team
*watches as our interior defense is that of a wet paper towel* 

I’m this close to seeing if marks can still defend the paint
We’ll take him.
There are a couple of resident Kyrie haters on the Nets sub and reading their comments on tonight's game was hilarious. I don't understand how people get so dug into their view on a player that they can't even acknowledge when they play well.
This sub is so mad he didn't retire at age 28 on a contending team and tried to pass it off as concern for his mental well-being
If it werent for him during those crucial last few minutes, Heat would have won.
It can’t be Harden coz he doesn’t do anything.
Refs couldn't hear him through the mask
Refs robbed us of a win
lol
x2
Just not born to play through double OT. Jokes aside if anyone doubts Kyrie’s ability to score that’s on them but that’s when he’s got it going, when he doesn’t he needs to realise there’s 4 other guys on the court and he doesn’t have to be the man night in night out for his team to win, but he does have to be the man for Kyrie to win.
Hugging isn't a necessary part of the job.
Bruh, the Heat have two starters, a high rotation player, and a center out right now.  They can't lose another starter, so yeah, they're like...no.  It was Heat security that broke that up.
1st half was legit a travesty
**On one this game, refs were.** 

 *-Usernameof2015*
Covid and injuries have been decimating the Heat.  Raptors went from the bubble to Tampa, they haven't played an actually home game in almost a  year.  I'm not sure it's even easy for them to get into Canada period.  Mentally i don't know how they're doing it, also they lost their starting front court.  It's just a lot.
damn, that’s like an anime plot right there
This will be as good as porn for me
[deleted]
we've been shorthanded all season
Its really frustrating watching this team with Jimmy and Herro. The two best scorers on the team and they've barely played together, one barely played healthy. Jimmy has played 6 games, including the injury games.
This game was 7 on 5 all night long
So were the Nets when they lost the second game to the Cavs. But people didn’t seem to care.
And a back to back
You know who else is short-handed? Captain Hook LOL 🤣
I wont be surprised if Sabonis does, i pretty much just expect embiid to
Exactly what I was thinking if you have Jeff Green covering Embiid for a series Joel gonna average 50
Whole 4th quarter was some fun basketball
CP3 with more turnovers.
if harden continues to play like this he was absolutely not worth it.
They made the Heat without Butler and Herro look elite
Such is the life of a superteam
[deleted]
Beat a team that isnt playing 3 gleaguers and maybe you get some respect.
Its the hype, brings in all the haters. This is basically 2009 Heat all over again, they are the team to beat in the East.
So is the life of a superteam

Live by the loss/win, die by the loss/win
Correction: the Nets are gonna be considered a trash team until they prove otherwise 

Losing to the cavs, and hardly beating teams that might not even make the playoffs in the heat (due to injures, would obv @ full strength) and magic is definitely not how you get anyone to take you serious
And it very much would’ve been a loss if Kyrie hadn’t taken over in the 4th. 18 points on 6-7 shooting in the 4th for him.
There was one possession in the 4th where Kyrie was trying so hard for his teammates to pass him the ball, and multiple times his teammates just ignored him despite him being pretty wide open. This was after Kyrie was already hitting his shots in the 4th. Like Kyrie was clapping hard to try and get the ball and KD said nah. I thought that was funny. I think the possession ended with Harden missing a three.
What's the point of this comment, this was a must win for them

The heat were missing multiple starters, the Nets are fully healthy and they STILL gave up almost 130 points and it took Kyrie going nuclear in the 4th to pull out a win

This heat team that they played isn't even a playoff team as they currently are... if the Nets struggle so much with this caliber of teams, not only are they not making the finals, they're gonna get swept in the first round lmao
No defense...ugh
Spo called a timeout they didn't bear him, sometimes you have bad shooting nights he still came up in the clutch, me too
Spoelstra was screaming for a timeout but unfortunately the ref couldn’t hear him shouting through the mask.
Can't be worse than the 80 Free Throw Knicks v. Warriors game where Draymond got tossed for yelling at his own teammate.
Have you not watch yesterday game?
Also x>120
This is really not a win to be proud of 🤣
Spo tried but the refs ignored him
Dude, your team were in the Nets shoes couple of days ago. Heat vs Sixers. Embiid & Simmons vs Herro & Robinson. And you barely even beat the Heat, we would have won if that Embiid travel was called so I’m not sure if you’re one to talk.

Call out but at least be consistent and not cherry pick lol
Didn't the Nets beat you guys by like 15 without Kyrie, Kd or Harden?
We beat you guys with no Kyrie, KD, or Harden. You guys just barely beat the Pistons. So that mean y'all in some big trouble?
If I were to guess, I’d say they’ll probably give the MVP to the player that was most valuable to their team after the regular season has concluded.
Its literally about gelling. Harden shouldn't be taking 8 shots and he won't be.
Bam dropped 40 because Butler and Herro weren't there though?
It’s been 3 games relax
L
It’s their 2nd game together lol, relax...
They didn’t really eek out a win. They had the game won and Miami was trying to force it, but it didn’t really matter.
They're bad but apparently they're still a shoo in for the finals and a superteam. Haters can't make up their mind.
I mean their defense is still bad.
They barely won and needed great shotmaking from Kyrie to win a game vs a Heat team missing Jimmy and Herro so... yes?
Bold assumption that you’re going to the finals when you’re in the same conference as the TWolves
Embid doesn't have Bam's motor or conditioning.  Embid's limits on his scoring is more about that, than any defence. I mean who is actually stopping Embid in any games?  He just gets gassed and has to take a breather.
Lol, i can tell you haven't watched any actual Heat games, during the bubble or this season.  Trotting out that tired click bait narrative that goes against what's actually happening on the court.
Former Rocket star is not good*
Weird time to criticize him. You’re lost.
Watch the game before you talk bozo
Someone hasn’t been watching games
If he keeps shooting like this he can think whatever he wants. 18 in the 4th.
Yeah, all the Kyrie haters say that he's a ball hog and that's why Harden isn't shooting but it's bullshit because for the 12 minutes that Kyrie is on the bench Harden is out there running the floor and just making some nice plays but also a ton of unnecessary passes when he should be looking for a shot or getting to the FT line. 

Thing is though, he's James Harden so he's gonna figure out the right balance sooner or later. The problem with this team is the inability to guard any semi-competent big man let alone someone as great as Bam.
If this trend continues for another month or so I'd be concerned. As of right now I think Harden is trying to get a feel for the new guys he's playing with and what their strengths are/where they are most effective getting shots. Him scoring 30 on a bunch of isos right now in the regular season won't mean anything if the playoff comes and he has no cohesion with the bench unit he's running.  
  
Now, if we're a month into the trade and he's still overly passive I think it's definitely a concern
He's so stiff, I was originally against Kyrie taking more shots than him and thought he was messing up Harden's flow but all he does is stepback, foul draw and pass. Kyrie really gelled this game whilst Harden doesn't even look to score. If he'd be more aggressive we'd probably have more spacing.
If that's the case, he deserves some props.

A lot of people said this team would fall apart because everyone wants to be the hero. Maybe this is progress - also maybe they're experimenting, maybe next they'll try Irving as mostly a passer
lmaooo
>the Heat would just not go away

I say this every summer here
The sequence of - Irving pull up 3, Durant midrange, Irving drive for 2 felt so unfair. It's good defence on just about any other players in the league, but against these guys they are all good looks. I think that's what makes them unbeatable for any team in the East come playoff time. Too many players who can hit big shots against great team defence.
We all knew this once we seen the bench depth and lack of size inside. These dudes are either gonna burn out or they won't get as good of a seed cause they are gonna have to rest starters for games.
It's not a Nets game if I haven't hard 3 heart attacks by the end of regulation
Sounds like the end of the modern era.
Admitted bias, but a few weeks ago I would have said the Lakers but they've been boring as shit lately
He needs to start shooting threes, his form looks good
they were clutch but that flop was egregious.
What do you expect with Harden/Kyrie as your backcourt and Nash/MDA as coaches?
And then add a player notoriously mocked for his lack of defence lol.

Surely Nets fans (and most NBA fans who were paying attention) were aware that the games would just turn in to a high school game on steroids
Lol for real. Stupidest rule I’ve ever heard in my life.
Surely the rule must exist for show? No way the NBA is this illogical.
Seriously, social distancing regulations in contact sports is ridiculously stupid. Are those masks doing anything, like at all?
Yeah I saw that I think kyrie was asking for bam‘s jersey to swap. Career night for bam too, pretty cool.
Miami is never destined to win.
Knew he'd feast against us so I bet the over...on 10.5 rebounds. Guess I was half right.
I think he was just in the zone and not a fluke, I knew his two buzzer beaters were going in as soon as he shot them because this is just Nets basketball
Think it's fine that he's trying to defer. He's building chemistry, and the Nets are moving the ball which is nice. Maybe later he can get back to shooting from the key
He doesn’t shoot at all anymore lol. It helped us tonight
I want Harden to play with Kyrie's level of aggressiveness. 

By the way I don't think Kyrie is being selfish\have tunnel vision\ball hogger\whatever other criticism I've seen of him. You need this type of aggressiveness and decisiveness to win games. 

Seeing Harden so lethargic is really unnerving. I mean shit he had an open lane at one point with KD under the basket with a defender... Just fucking drive it, you are literally the best at it in the world. Drive it and if they challenge you, pass it to KD for the easy dunk, if not, you get a layup and possibly and-1... This is like classic Harden stuff, I don't get it.
He's trying to reinvent his game based off Draymond.
He’s a pass-first point guard with two, sometimes three other guys who can shoot very efficiently at high volume, find a new slant.
[deleted]
The Bucks and Magic game dude was cooking. Which was 3 games ago. 30+ triple double not good enough for you? 

I agree he’s being too passive the past 3 games but He’s finding his place. It’s respectable. Not many dudes with multiple scoring titles would be willing to do that
Right, it’s baffling how passive Harden is right now however R/NBA is acting like Kyrie is not one of the most efficient guards ever.
>and why the r/NBA and pundit criticisms of Kyrie hogging shots didn't make sense.

The other reason is that those shots are going in lol. People have unreasonable expectations for Kyrie.
he needs the reps with the bench to get that chemistry going. Everyone has 8 years of experience seeing Harden light it up without passing so we know he can do it. If Harden can get the bench balling, the Nets offense rises to a whole new level.
Kyrie took some dumb shots in the first half but he was fantastic in the second half and closed the game out for us. 

Harden is the main reason this wasn't a bigger victory. The dude is playing stupid basketball right now. He's refusing to attack the rim and seems allergic to any shot aside from a step-back 30 foot 3.
To be very frank, that second game against the Cavs was probably winnable if Harden took more than 14 shots. There is no KD, and you take 14 shots? Why? The game before, Kyrie took 28, and KD took 25, and he took 14. If he could get that same 14 shots with KD and Kyrie combined for 53 shots, he DEFINITELY could get up more than 14 without KD on the floor.
People slander him on his desire to play, no one says he can't ball
This Nets team plays to whoever's playing them level. Full Bucks squad? Sure. Pure Sex (no land) Cleveland? 2OTs it is. Hollowed out Heat? Take those 7-0 runs while you're at it, sure. 

It's a real rollercoaster ride and I can't stop watching lmao
And having to play fucking gabe vincent
Butler, Herro, *and* Bradley. That's a lot and y'all still kept it close.
And their far and away best (actually, their the only) two-way wing.
Nets barely squeaking it out against the hospital squad Heat who shot sub 30% from three is a bad look ngl
Lol facts tho
Can’t speak on that game since I didn’t watch it, though i’ll take your word for it seeing the amount of FTs lol
I don't understand why he doesn't shoot more threes. This season he's shooting  like 85% at the line and 50% at the midrange, and he's always shot well in practice but I can't remember the last time I've seen him make a three
He got Covid.
Covid
Facts. Ask Bucks fans if they want any part of the Heat in the playoffs. I know as a Celts fan I don’t
Regular season in the NBA means so little like Bucks games don't matter they are going to be a top seed they could lose to the Pistons wolves and Wizards and it doesnt matter it matters who shows up in the playoffs
Who the hell doubts they’ll make the playoffs?
Butler is fucking great, but I’m starting to think Bam is their top player
The Nets just lost back to back games against the cavs
RemindMe! in 23 weeks.
If they don’t they’re definitely taking the team that does to 6-7 games
Exactly
I thought Butler was good or something
Jimmy, Herro and Bradley. Two starters (best defender and best offensive player) and best and only two-way wing on the roster.

We win easily with one of them back, demolish them with all 3. Can't wait to see them in the playoffs.
We're wiping the floor with them in the playoffs. Can't wait.
His off the court antics have clouded people’s judgement. He’s an absolutely elite offensive player
It seems most NBA fans only understand basketball through statlines and accolades. Kyrie is a rarity in that, a skill level THAT high, usually produces scoring titles and MVP votes, at a minimum. Despite his penchant for difficult shots, he still shoots a high percentage. It's funny that people consider him a ball hog, when, despite being efficient, he has never come close to winning a scoring title. His motor does not match his skill level.
I was half expecting Spo to just walk right onto the court like he usually does for calling timeouts
"I've got a god damned mask on!" Cracked me up
Too busy fixing this game to focus on anything else lol

Atrocious reffing.
The heat need to get Drummond on the team.
Fate of the universe was not on the line apparently
didn't even have Butler, Herro, or Bradley. and they needed to take it to the last minute. but keep blaming the refs
Spo did call the timeout, refs didnt hear it.
Spo in the post game interview had said that he called for it but the refs didn’t hear it behind his mask.
Not that obvious. Nets got torched by the Cavs on exactly the same situation a few days ago. I was so puzzled by it [I opened a post about it](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/l20dwc/serious_why_didnt_the_nets_just_foul_as_soon_as/), glad to see Harden is a redditor lmao
dude what is it with you in every thread hating on the nets. it’s getting comical how consistent you are with this shit. get a hobby
Just say you didn't watch the game, it's ok.
Harden is running the offense and even though I think he's being too passive, I think he's doing a fantastic job running the point with the first unit.
richard jefferson been hitting the weights get him out the booth
We get a new big next game if I'm not wrong. He should be signing soon and though Nash is dodgy I doubt he doesn't give him minutes over Perry
"you can hate someone without ever meeting them, for example... hitler"
Lmao this is so true. If it happened, this sub would be in love
Kinda the point. He gets the most touches and refuses to shoot, even when out with the bench.
Doesn't matter. That's something you communicate to the team before the freethrow as the coach. Standard stuff. That's on the coaching staff.
Lmfaoooo Holy shit you must have missed like a gazillion bad calls from the refs
huh?
Oh yeah I forgot. It doesn’t increase ratings 
Maybe they should focus on making league pass a better product
35% is below average for the Heat,  last year they were #2 in made FG percentage from three. They're not shooting it cause three playmakers are out.  Can't drive and kick to the shooters, when you don't have the drive guys.
Lmao the delusion is real
Nets with Kyrie/Harden should still be beating the Cavs lmao. You say this as if they were missing all of their important players.
Lol bro... One loss is not like the other
How many all-nba level players are on the cavs?
It was a b2b for both teams.
Both were on back to backs. Though Durant rested.
I could see Sabonis drop a 45 30 15
so not CP3
Lol and if he plays like he did against the Bucks?
I’m not expecting this team to magically click like most people on this sub seem to expect. Harden needs to find his role
Tf you mean? 

James Harden has been our third best player the last 3 games. He isn't shooting and is turning the ball over a ton trying weird passes. We basically messed around the first half, got like a 20 point lead, then the Heat went on a run and we closed it. I am very happy to be watching Kyrie and KD
2010.
My point was about how much people were overreacting aboit the two losses to the Cavs
Oh yeah, forgot about that. Makes this game second though
Yeah, this was 5x worse
Off of a back to back, we were still gelling and y’all still had depth we talking about now lmao
Off of a brutal back to back , with a team still gelling, and when y’all still had depth lmao
I guarantee you he would have dropped 40 even with both of them playing. Who tf do the Nets have that will stop Bam? The ghost of Deandre Jordan?
It's been 4. And every game, the opposing team has had season high on offense, despite the Magic and Cavs being at the bottom of the league
Where was this energy when the Nets lost the other night without KD???

You also expect a team that was basically made last week to win games immediately?
So you think they’ll make the ECF?
I concur, he’s not good
[deleted]
No, he was legitimately ball hogging in his first game back. That's not a lie.
i think nash has more to do with it then him. they're running plays where hes the facilitator where he brings up the ball and then passes to set up the ball movement to the open guy. but the thing is that you have fucking james harden. WHY ARE YOU USING HIM AS A PASSER. just iso and let him create himself or score, thats the reason hes worth so many picks and players.
lmao a month ago everyone was saying "if harden goes to the nets they'll implode, he's so greedy!" and now the dude's being selfless, fitting in, getting wins, and everyone wants him to be the greedy monster they were afraid of
The Heat are still there in the other seasons too buddy
I mean you almost beat them without Jimmy. If they give up 40 every night to whomever attacks the paint, that’s going to be a huge issue. Giannis or Embiid might go for 60 against them..
Unbeatable? Do you see their defense? Paint, perimeter, its all garbage. They are far from unbeatable. We’ve seen Kyrie on the Celts in the playoff and Durant vs GSW in 2016. These guys are capable of melting down.
They’re giving up over 120 points a night since the trade. Calling them “unbeatable” is a HUGE overreaction.
I was almost convinced until I remembered Harden. He’s the best solo act in the league and can carry this team when he switches back to scoring mode. I speculate Harden getting solo games is part of the plan in the regular season to prepare for the playoffs.

Also, Nash and D’Antoni are there, so Houston Harden is definitely in play.
They are shooting 53/50/80 tonight and it still was close as fuck.

They’re going to have to shoot this well just to win by a couple of points every night. I hope they find some defensive monsters in the G league or ring chasers because they can’t do this every night.
You realize we have defensive coaches right. This narrative about dantoni is so dumb. Our issue is we have no defensive players not that dantoni is our assistant coach
Football players in Belgium aren't allowed to hug after scoring after an uproar.

The public is straight up dumb
It's absolutely for show. Same reason they were masks on the sidelines, when they've all been tested.
This whole 6 feet guideline is stupid and gives people a false sense of security. Droplets travel way further than 6 feet. It's not gonna stop at some arbitrary 6 feet line. It's like "oh you're 6.5 feet from me, I'm not going to get sick if you sneeze towards my direction"
It was so wholesome 😭
I agree. Timing and chemistry with a new team takes practice and repetition. Harden can pull out his iso offense whenever he wants, so it's good he's focusing on how to get the ball to his team and facilitate the offense.
> He's building chemistry, and the Nets are moving the ball which is nic

not really, half his playmaking is between the legs for 5 seconds then a pass to an unsuspecting player waiting at the 3 point line
exactly. eventually in the possession, someone has to score the ball.
My main annoyance is when he's running point with the bench unit and STILL refusing to shoot. Harden shouldn't be deferring to TLC in those cases
He's a pass-always PG, it's getting annoying lol
The problem is he's looking to pass to a bench which can't shoot
Oh god, stop it. He’s not even shooting when he’s with the second unit
Except he's not shooting when it's him and the second unit either. Man's got the yips. Its the only explanation.
/s
I'm rooting for him, i want him to get that first ring. These guys are way too talented not to figure it out so it'll come with time.
it's not respectable to pass down open shots in favor of throwing it to reggie perry. Stop it. There is a point where passive crosses into stupid, and that is where Harden was tonight. This is not respectable. We didn't trade for him to play like a fat ricky rubio
Kyrie is one of the best scorers in the league period. He deserves his shots. But it's just weird that harden even solo just will not shoot. I don't get it.
I think it's as simple as this, he's trying to play himself into shape, and he's trying to develop chemistry with the rest of the team/know where and how to pass it to guy's, learn players spots/movements, Harden can get his iso offense going whenever he want's as we saw in his first game this season and first two on the nets, he doesn't need to work on that as it's something he can do at a flick of a switch whereas the passing and teamball is something that will take time and chemistry which is why he's getting so many more turnovers as of late
Also 6 turnovers. Yeah he's distributing pretty well but he's not doing it efficiently. He needs to look to score and then pass out. Not stand at the top of the key looking to pass.
First of all how dare you
vincent was a flamethrower vs us for two games idk what youre complaining about lol
Okay but Bam was lights out and won't play like that every game, and Harden did nothing. If your other points are relevant than so is that.
Philly losing to Nets team without Kyrie, KD, or Harden; barely beating a terrible Detroit squad is a bad look ngl
We're not gonna look like this the whole season
That’s balls
0 part, especially the playoffs because of how powerful their mental is...
I've seen it here on the sub, it's not a big concern to most but the fact that it's even a concern for some is funny
If he's not our best player this year, he definitely will be next year if he keeps improving like he's been.
A bunch of us Heat bros were saying this last year until Jimmy 1v1ed Lebron in the Finals. I don’t think Bam can do that kind of thing (yet???).
Come on. Not after the wizardry Butler pulled in the finals. That's the least amount of respect we give him
Cavs are 6-2 with sexton and Garland they're not bad
Please do lol
Y’all are gonna quietly make your way to the finals again lmao, Heat are ridiculously scary considering they have the second best player last playoffs out
There is no way they don't trade for a defensive center.  The GM of the Nets gets paid to do a job as well.  It can't be lost on them, that they barely won the game and we had Jimmy Butler, Tyler Herro, and Avery Bradley out.
Put respect on his name
Your logic is flawed in regards to a scoring title. You could argue he doesn't win a scoring title because he hasn't played a full season in quite some time.
Counter point, the Nets need to get Drummond on the team.
Couldn't see any Martians with laserbeams tbf
Cmon man. Sure, the Heat (especially Bam) played remarkably well today, but the Nets did get screwed by the refs on numerous occasions. As a neutral, it was frustrating to see such lobsided officiating.

But regardless, what a gritty comeback by the heat and an even grittier win by the Nets.
I get that you’re a homer but if you think that game was close for any reason other than horrible officiating you weren’t paying attention
Kyrie was being mauled in the paint today and got no calls
Calm.
He sometimes does that in playoff. If he were to be more selfish in Playoff I think Houston can go farther. I don’t know if he’s trying to get his teammate involve or something, but sometimes he just don’t/refuse to shoot and give balls to his teammate.

I mean its really not KD, Irving, or Harden, but if harden doesn’t play like his usual self then Nets going to have much harder time.
pee pee poo poo
When you're as top heavy as the nets, you could use a Kevin Durant
Is it tho? The Heat are the deepest team and made the Finals last year. And the Cavs are surprisingly good this year.
Didn’t know basketball was an individual sport
Not for kd and heat are extremely short handed, herro Bradley and butler out
I mean his stats not bad, but not good for Harden’s caliber. He’s trying to hard to be pass first player
you're enjoying watching your team play the worst defense in the whole league? you're enjoying watching 2 guys fresh of major injuries playing 40 mins+ a night, even against some of the worst teams in the league, just begging to reinjure themselves?

interesting view on the season you have there
I guess I just don't get if you're memeing or if you took it serious when people joked and said the Nets would never win

I guess I'm just our to left field because clearly I misunderstood your comment
Lmao we played Chris Chiozza and Landry Shamet 20+ minutes that's not called depth bud. The Sixers aren't doing jack shit this year.
Don't start with the excuses now. Keep that same energy
that's just a really dumb take though

&#x200B;

you can't just ADD the FGA that Butler and Herro would've taken on top of what they took. it isn't about who could "stop him." its about who on his own team would've gotten the looks instead. 

&#x200B;

when herro and Butler are there, he's usually around the 10 FGA a game mark. he was over double that tonight.
It’s actually only been 2 games wit the Big 3, if u watched the Cavs game it wasn’t even bad defence Colin Sexton was jus insanely hot. It takes time to build chemistry, u can clearly see Harden is playing way too passive rn and trying too hard to be a distributor instead of jus shooting
They lost with Kyrie and Harden lol.... Miami has 1 guy even CLOSE to their tier and he's out...
Not sure, we haven't seen the entire team actually play a full game all season.  It's why I know you didn't watch any Heat games.  Butler injured his ankle in the first half of the first game of the season, then tried playing on it when he couldn't run or cut, then they shut him down for a few games, then he came back, immediately got covid, he's played 1/2 a game of healthy basketball this season and he played no pre-season.  Then we lost 7 players due to covid, including Bam, Butler, Dragic(yes, that's right our top three players), Bradley, Leonard, etc...Then Dragic came back and we had an eight man rotation, Herro played large minutes then got injured(neck) due to an 8 man rotation and he's still young, so he's out.  Then we got back Bam and Dragic..but short rotation and Bam is just coming into his own as a scoring option and we're putting too many minutes on Dragic..I can keep going, Butler and Bradley(our best point of attack defenders are still out and our best player), Herro is out(one of our best scorers), Meyers is out(we have rebounding issue because of it).  The team is a dumpster fire of covid and injuries.  Once 10-15 games with everyone back I'll have an opinion.  Herro and Bam are much better this season than they were last season, even with Herro in a 3point slum(his finishing around the rim and pick and roll has greatly improved), so we'll see.  The only team in the East I'm concerned about when we're at full force are the 76ers and the Celtics to a lesser degree.  If the Nets get some defensive presence, which I assume they will, then that goes to the top of the list.
The fact you are blaming Kyrie tells me you didn’t watch the game. All i needed to hear.
He was 15/28. can ball hog all you want when you are playing that efficiently.
>  WHY ARE YOU USING HIM AS A PASSER

He seems to be an elite point guard in general, so using him as a playmaker for other players isn’t a waste. I’m sure if Harden wanted to score he’d dial up his own number since the ball is in his hands.
They made this trade to win titles. They're going to treat the regular season like extended practice time. Trust me, when the playoffs come you will see Harden look to score more
Well idk about the getting wins part. Since getting Kyrie back they’ve lost 2 in a row to the Cavs and barely beat the Heat without half of their starters. They were very close to being 0-3 since Kyrie’s return.
herro and bradley are out as well...
Didn’t Giannis lose against them?
Turnovers were the reason it was close though.
They'll make a trade for some defense, they pretty much have to.
Wasn't Seth Curry sitting on the sideline with his team while he was positive for COVID like... a week or two ago?

I wouldn't say the masks are entirely for show.
Tbh it’s mostly just a good way to measure stuff for bigger infrastructures. And anyways nobody’s sneezing without a mask
I know right, that security guard swooped in tho, was not letting that happen at all. It looked like bam was saying they’d swap off the floor tho, who knows for sure.
Did Harden hurt you or something? You're in every thread shitting on him
Don’t know what you mean by unsuspecting player, these dudes are playing with some of the most dynamic playmakers in the league so they know they could be getting the ball at any time. 

The Nets are being smart as to keep one of the big 3 on the floor at all times. Harden has an actual team this year so he doesn’t need to carry the scoring load as much. He’s has turnover issues but that’s coming from him playing a more traditional point rather than playing James harden: the offense.
That’s true, he shouldn’t, but I think he’s still trying to find his groove. Even though he’s played PG before he still has to make a fairly major adjustment and he may be overcompensating right now, but I think it’ll even out.
Considering he's a max contract player, it really is unacceptable. Plenty of guys that can only pass, but they also play D to boot. Harden's D is acceptable at best, and usually just bad. If he's not going to score as well as facilitate he's not doing his share.
Calm down. I said in my post he took it over board but it’s going to be okay. He smoked it in the Bucks Magic game. He’s not washed. It’s clear he’s intentionally passing up opportunities. I’m sure KD + Nash will talk to him and he’ll get settled in eventually. I’m not worried about it in the slightest.
Haha I made that Rubio comparison in the game thread. If this keeps up it's going to catch on.
Dude couldn't light a match tonight.
Hes scored 18 points total since scoring 21 against you. 65% of his points came from those 2 games!
When he isn’t a flamethrower he literally is a negative on both sides. Dude is trigger happy
Yeah fuck him for complaining about missing Miami’s best player and leader
He's out of the league next year when his contract is up.
Late response, but the Sixers aren’t contenders
Based on what? Shutdown defender Norvel Pelle coming through? Nash acquiring Javale Mcgee and elevating him to DPOY level?
Exactly. Their resolve is fucking nuts. It’s a full 48 mins with them. I don’t wanna play them at all
I’ve genuinely never seen that
No they didn't
I honestly think last years conditions were perfect for that team. I don’t think they make it out of the second round this year.
What do they trade for that C? I guess Joe Harris is a hot commodity but that means KD's minutes go from 39 to 45 per game.
The cavs f.a. strategy of signing every center is paying off. They can extort anybody for a center. That being said the nets have no asset to give.
Absolutely, Heat played hard and got it close early in the fourth. But they did get a lot of help from the refs
yep I didn't watch the game.

come on bro really? what argument even is that. 

"you don't agree with me, so you obviously didn't watch the game."
you must not see this guy in every thread. check comment history lil bro
Exactly so why does missing KD make a difference then

You just played yourself lmfao
All I said is that is was a b2b for both teams that’s all. I agree Heat had it worse because of injuries.
Hardens been bad. The defense has been bad. We will be fine
We played two games. We have so much to figure out and additions to make to the team. We won’t be this bad on D and the team will be fine. Why would I panic after two games 

Yes I am enjoying have KD/Harden/Kyrie on my team lol why tf wouldn’t I be happy. We are fucking around and experimenting, it’s the regular season
None of the guys who beat us are even on your team anymore
You actually think the heat are dumb enough to not feed bam the ball when there is literally NOONE on the other team that has the ability to guard him? You're insane.

The Heat do not play selfish basketball.
Either way. The concern of their interior defense is valid. Personally, I'm not saying it's an issue because at the end of the day, they can have 1 possession games for the rest of the season and as long as they have 3 of the best closers in the league, that's where their roster matters. It might not be fun for Nets fans, but it will be for people who don't have rooting interests. Like you're guaranteed to get a close possession game with Kyrie/KD/Harden doing hero ball and there's a good chance that they'll come out victorious at the end.

But doesn't mean the defense being a big talking point and main focus of their flaws isn't a valid criticism, no matter how many games because it has been a glaring issue every single game so far.
So? Miami’s 4, 5, 6, 7th best player is as good as the Nets 3rd best player. It’s a team sport
Good write up. You clearly know more about them than I do lol. Good luck to y’all this season.
[deleted]
If you'd watch the games instead of the box-score you'd see that his possessions demotivate our team when he shoots early into the shotclock on a pull up 3 or heavy contested 2 and bricks. When we passed to him on the wing on the first game back he was iso-ing the whole possession even when we had KD and Harden on the court. He didn't pass or move off-ball until this game. When we put KD out which is the bridge between Harden and Kyrie because one only shot up to that point and one still only passed, the games got ugly. Joe Harris wasn't getting looks because he's a ball movement 3PT shooter which Kyrie stopped, which Nash agreed to.

With that said, Kyrie played great tonight
Problem is he plays with 2 other all time scorers that can do BETTER than a barely 50% 15/28. It's relative. And if all 3 can share the load and help each other they can collectively shoot WAY better than 50%. The benchmark for those 3 start at 60% and 65% should be consistent. They have no ceiling on offense. 15/28 is shit and what should be expected of Kyrie if he was playing by himself.
And 2 Ls.
hes also the best 1 on 1 player in the league. youte telling lebron james to play center?
Yeah, turnovers have been a consistent issue through the first 3 games with the big 3. I think those will smooth out as chemistry builds and time goes on.
Harden has always had turnover issues.
Yeah I think he's sti trying to feel his new teammates out. See what they can do, what they can't do, where there spots are on the floor that they are most comfortable/effective on the catch. You can't get a feel for that going iso, and come playoff time having that understanding and trust in your teammates is so crucial. It's worth sacrificing some regular season scoring production for
I agree, I think he'll get there as well. Just needs to strike the right balance between being aggressive and facilitating
Yeah no good if he's putting up Ricky Rubio statlines after a supermax contract and that trade. It'll probably even out eventually but yeesh.
Olynyk is also in a slump.

Only good thing to come from this covid roster is Nunn's resurgence.
i was just saying he played well my dude
Common sense
The whole reason we're chilling with this record being a finals team last year is because we know that we've not had the usual squad with the regular rotations. As for our losses, the squad being in the infirmary is the least of our concerns given how much we're turning the ball over and not rebounding. 

As of now sure, the runway is pretty long before we get to the playoffs but we are no where close to making it to finals again with the way we're averaging turnovers lmao. And we need to strengthen our switching zone again, now that Crowder is gone. 

All that being said, if this continues and we meet y'all in the playoffs.. especially with Brown firing on all cylinders and playing with a hard-on this season..we'll get baptized on D lmao. 

Believe in Spo it is.
Only other argument I can see is AD, but Butler was playing like a man possessed during the playoffs
Ai bet
They got a salary exemption for Spencer Dinwiddie(5-6 mil) and centers that have no offense but defend and set picks are cheap in the league today.  Maybe some second round picks for Javale McGee.  They don't need that center to do ANY offense what-so-ever,  not even pick and roll, they can run that with Jordan if that's what the matchup requires.  Just someone who is defensively sound.
It has nothing to do with agreeing on anything. This game was objectively officiated very poorly. The Heat shot a ton of free throws but numerous Nets players were clearly hacked on replay with no calls. Even with the foul fest to extend the game at the end, the Nets shot 26 free throws while the Heat shot 32.

Look at the huge call on the Duncan Robinson 3 at the end where Kyrie was vertical and didn’t touch him. That extended the game for ten more minutes. Do you think that was actually a foul?
Oh I don’t care, you’re really mad over nothing though lol
Don't call people "lil bro," haha.  All they said was "calm," which was fair.  The person you are responding to isn't even hating, they are correct that this is a standard basketball play, not a genius play.  Most coaches tell players to foul in this situation.
Okay strawman
Yeah you're right, just surprised the game was that close lol
bold of you to assume a guy that used to get 25fga/g will suddenly be happy/content/just as efficient with 10-15fga/g

bold of you to assume a roster with only 2 good defenders on it will play good defense

Everything is definitely not fine with the Nets
[deleted]
There go some more of those excuses. That doesn't change the fact that you still should have beaten that team.

I could use the same excuse for the Nets losses to Cleveland and the win tonight (not that a win ever needs to be excused). 'Oh well this team is still gelling, still gaining chemistry, still getting used to where each other likes the ball, etc.'
yeah you just have a total misunderstanding of how offense works, sorry man.
They’re most likely gonna pick up a big after the buyout market or at the trade deadline, or even earlier, people need to chill wit all the overreactions and jus give it time. The Nets obviously kno defense is an issue they’re not stupid
Our 4th, 5th, 6th, and 7th best players right now are Kendrick Nunn, Precious, Iguodala, and Kelly.

Joe Harris is better than all of those guys lol.
Seriously, more kudos to you. You had an opinion, got it challenged, and was willing to ask an adult question as to why I had that opinion.  If only that kind of discourse would spread over the nation.  We can disagree, exchange information, and maybe we both learn something. =)
Yeah this guy didnt watch the game lmao
"His possessions demotivated our team" ... Getting a bit melodramatic with your hot takes there.
You have no idea what you are talking about. 60%??? The NBA record for team FG% is 54.4%
Gets all the blame for L's and no credit for W's. I am not even a Kyrie stan I don't give a shit if we win games on the back of Reggie Perry or Michael Jordan himself but god damn some of you are so DUG IN on Kyrie and it's weird to see people with Nets' flairs rooting for him to fail. Wish the mods just gave player flairs at this point.
Hes a better 1 on 1 player than KD? I think not.
You can see that he’s also purposefully not trying to hold on to the ball too much. He’ll do his standard size-up dribbles at the 3 point line but he won’t take the shots he usually does after breaking his defender and he’ll often pass it off early. 

That’s probably frustrating to people watching but I think it’s clear he’s just trying to find everyone’s spot and get everyone involved.
I just want to know why Strus isn't in there in this scenario. Compared to Vincent, he's bigger, taller, can also shoot the three, and has been more efficient in fewer minutes this season. I guess Spoelstra is just trying to get a sample size for both.
The Clippers and Sixers in two weeks will humiliate you
22/5/5 is a man possessed during the playoffs?


Jokic definitely was better during their playoff runs
Jimmy butler had 2 good finals games and y’all overrate the hell out of his entire playoff performance
Then you’re clueless
Remindme! 5 months “Heat playoffs”
it’s not that comment in particular it’s the fact that he’s been in every thread doing the same old shit it’s embarrassing
Lmfao you got completely embarrassed 

Got eeeeem hahaha
I didn’t assume anything?? I’m watching as an excited fan 

Sounds like you are assuming the worst?
Not really? Joe Harris is elite and Jeff green is solid, Deandre jordan is a backup at best but I gurantee they find help before the playoffs.
No shit idiot. If you won every game you’re supposed to win, one team would go 82-0 every season.

Your team can’t guard shit at all.
You realize that games are everchanging and it's not just looking at a stat sheet to see how many shot a player takes and that is exactly what is going to happen. You are the one that is sorely confused.
Stop... we just ignoring Dragic, Robinson, Iguodala, Bradley, Leonard, and Olynyk?????
Agreed! It’s not a bad thing for someone to correct your opinion!
Not melodramatic nor a hot take. You could see them running tired after his shots, and back on offense is when we started bricking as a collective after him. He was part of the reason why we headed into OT.
And when did 3 all time SCORERS last play together in their primes? Why go into historical data when there's no historical precedent?
And you didn't get what I said. I implied the 60% fg% for the 3 of them, not for the whole team. And definitely kyrie if he's taking all the shots away from harden.
[removed]
Harden is the best iso player in the league easy
yea he is. man averaged 40 once and has way more 50 and 40 point games.
Vincent is a ball-handler, Strus isn't. They've got Vincent taking pg minutes at times. Dragic really shouldn't be starting or playing 30 minutes per game in the regular season.
ok
Eye test my dude, but I will say Jokic is a good shout
Dude what in the fuck are you saying, Butler carried Miami to the finals and fucking willed the two wins against the lakers. He was absolutely fucking incredible in the playoffs, and almost everyone agrees on this
Keep moving goalposts 😂😂😂
blissful ignorance

i remember when i first started watching basketball
So what's your point then? That we shouldn't be making any assumptions about a team based off of a few games? Good, we agree
we're good here man don't worry about it
Bam, Dragic, and Robinson are our top 3 players with Jimmy, Herro, Bradley out. Leonard fucking sucks, but he's also out. Olynyk is 50/50 of shitty/decent player. We're missing half our playable roster dude.
Lol people don’t realize that overdoing efficient scoring can be a detriment to the whole team offense when you aren’t getting your teammates involved it lowers your ceiling on offense.
I kinda agree but I think the Nets are a special case. 

Their bench is fucking awful and they all play big minutes. I think that’s the reason they look more tired than because they see someone taking a shot.
Block everyone who disagrees, alright my man, have a good night.
You seem mad
How about the playoffs, when defenses are locked in? KD can get an efficient shot on any defender where Hardens liable to have games shooting 2/13 on step back 3s. If KD took Hardens volume of shots hed average similar numbers.
Sorry but 22/5/5 is a low ass standard for a man possessed.
He was the best player on his team, but he wasn't the second best player in the playoffs and it wasn't close
They’re not gonna suddenly be able to defend because they played more games together. Your roster has 2 plus defenders on it
My point still stands...
They just read box scores and watch game highlights
“I’m not mad, you’re mad”-guy above you
harden has done well in the playoffs as well. he almost beat golden state putting up 30 points and 40 points but jsut couldnt finish the job. kd has performed well with in the playoffs but harden has done so too. kd just also has a really good team gsw to get him to the finals. overall harden is the best 1 on 1 player with him averaging crazy numbers and teams often doubling him 24/7 in the playoffs. stop trying to win this argument when you already lost.  kd has had playoff struggles too.
  
even chuck and kenny, former nba legends, say hes the best 1 on 1 plyaer.
If you say so boss
How lol? You said the Nets third best player on that night where KD didn't play (Joe Harris) was worse than one of Iguodala, Olynyk, Nunn, or Precious. That's not accurate at all.
Marv Albert could'nt differentiate between Landry Shamet and Chris Chiozza all game, and Weber called Prince Demarre Carroll about 8 times. Horrible announcing.
Tomorrow on Undisputed: Are the Nets better without KD and Kyrie?!
Great game from above average Joe who went a nice 6/9 from 3
Sixers were sloppy. Nets showed up and deserved to win. Announcers and refs just made the deserved loss a lot harder to watch.
Jarrett Allen is fucking amazing. He might start to get MIP buzz
[deleted]

Sucks, really wanted to see this game with both teams at full strength. Will be a matchup to watch when the 6ers stars show up.
Maxey looked great
Harris boomed us
Joe "Joe Harris" Harris is good at basketball
People are gonna overreact, but this was a total trap game. Joe and Caris looked great, and the sixers just looked tired. I’m sure a lot of “pretenders” comments are gonna be in this thread, but I’m not gonna draw any strong opinions from it. Looking forward to this sixers nuggets game.
Sixers starters played horribly, turnovers led to 35 Nets points, and Joe Harris shot lights out. There’s that game summed up.

We never play well on back to backs
Losing KD was lowkey a blessing in disguise for the Nets. They lost their magic from the 1st two games and needed a shakeup in their rotation so guys step up.
No KD, no Kyrie and the Nets still beat a 7-1 team by double digits. 

r/NBA finna be spicy tonight
WOW~

BUBBLE NETS ARE BACK!
Steve Nash is a good coach
This right here... Showed the depth of this team. I'm almost glad Kyrie didn't play. The other guys needed to show they can take care of business by themselves.
Trap games are always the hardest
way too many turnovers, I understand it’s a back to back but in general this season that’s probably the biggest thing the Sixers need to improve on throughout the season
2014 - The Cleveland Cavaliers draft Joe Harris 33rd overall.

2016 - Cavs trade Joe Harris to Orlando Magic for a 2020 2nd round pick. Magic waive Harris immediately. Nets sign Harris.

2018/2019 - Harris wins 3 point contest and finished regular season leading league in 3PT%

2020 - Joe gets extension in BKN. Gets a Starting role alongside Kyrie Irving and Kevin Durant.

I know there is no way they could have possibly known what was to eventually come from Joe Harris, but Cavs and Magic gotta be at least a little bummed that they had this dude and let him go.
Comparing him to Jason Kapono lmfao
Pain
I watched all of one minute of this game (cuz no KD/Kyrie).  WTF happened here?  Sixers lethargic from the B2B?
Well the Sixers finally played a real team

Can't fault them for losing though, KD and Kyrie just didn't miss a shot tonight. Sometimes you get unlucky.
I get that it's a back to back but man, if that's the energy the team's starters are gonna play with when it's 8 minutes in the 4th and you're not out of the game... Yikes.
[HOW DID THE SIXERS LOSE TO THIS GUY?](https://i.imgur.com/iywmoIj.jpg)


[Oh. That’s how.](https://i.imgur.com/ZpqDusb.jpg)
Not gonna lie, I don't think Simmons is gonna cut it for the sixers

He's an incredible defender, but he's literally useless in the halfcourt during most Philly possessions. It's kinda hard to watch
Ignore the haters, Philly.  Still league best.  GG.


But I'm glad to have another win in these new unis, and without K&K!  Al-Fro-Do Baggins & Above-Average Joe!

KD should be back Sunday against OKC, and hopefully Kyrie gets found and out of his own head in time for tomorrow's game!  

On to the next one!

*Let's Go Nets!*

**BROOKLYN!!!!!**

[](/BKN)[](/BKN)[](/BKN)[](/BKN)[](/BKN)
Tyres Maxey is good at basketball
Joe Harris is a beast
Is the Nets better without KD and Kyrie? We discuss this next on Undisputed!
We won because we were the New Jersey Nets tonight.
Yeah sure the Nets were missing KD, Kyrie, and Dinwiddie. But we were missing Seth Curry. Please do not insult the Greater Curry by pretending those 3 are even comparable to him.
Damn are the Nets better without KD and Kyrie? Lol
That was a pleasant surprise of a game
I’m here to overreact
Hell yea Nets!! I love this core of guys, I wish Spencer was there tonight. Don’t get me wrong, Kyrie and KD are amazing, but I really just love this core of solid players.
Honest question, do we think Simmons will make the all star game this year based on the way he’s playing. I know his defence is incredible tho
Yeah I did not see that coming.
oh man, these post game takes about to be spicy
Joe for All Star
Sixers 🤝 stinking it up on national tv despite coming in with all the momentum
Why is Cabarrot so gooooood
As a Caris LeVert fantasy holder, he is so confusing to me
Shoutout to all the Sixers fans who said we should just take the L pre-game for not playing Kyrie or KD
Nets deeper than my ass after Dwight
I didn't understand Doc Rivers at all.. The game was close enough in the 4th to warrant putting in Embiid, he waited way too long for that.
sorry sixers fans you just got jeff greened
Brooklyn - 35 points off 20 76ers turnovers

76ers - 7 points off 13 Nets turnovers

Great job by the Nets unit scoring off of Phillys turnovers.
Ahh yes, no Durant no Kyrie, easy bet on the parlay for a 6’ers win. NBA betting is impossible
by this rate houston will need to give the nets first round picks+ harden just to get jarret allen
Damn so uhh, I guess these cats can play
Joe Harris is so good
Kyrie burned some sage before he dipped
Sixers are the NBA Steelers
Hmmmm. The Nets might be really good.
I think we all lost watching that broadcast
Better without KD and Kyrie confirmed

In all seriousness this was a classic trap game.
So are the Sixers trassh without superstar Seth Curry?

Only kidding but that was really pathetic even if it was a b2b.
"Damn this would have been a good measuring stick game if KD had played" - 76ers fans a couple of days ago
MAMA ALLEN COOKING THOSE COLLARD GREENS TONIGHT FOR HER BOY!
Jeez that was some really sloppy ball by the Sixers. Never thought that game was even gonna be close, what a performance by Allen and LeVert
Lol Chuck throwing shade at KD
Embiid MVP
Ewing theory x 2?
Well the Sixers were missing their best player, so they get a small pass.
Trap game if there ever was one
Kyrie fell off the edge of the Earth -Shams any minute now.
Hopefully we can chalk this up to the second night of a double header
JA is Embiid and Gobert's father.

TLC somehow managed to play good, DJ should be out of the rotation.
wait what
How long till Marv Albert retires and CWeb is removed from casting games?
Deepest bench in the league is back on the menu
Damn I had a feeling this was a trap game. Should’ve placed a bet on it.
disrespectful not putting Joey Buckets name in the title. Man was on fire today.
Embiid looked really tired or not really interested in playing. This is the first time he doesn't completely punk Jarrett Allen. Don't care if it's a B2B - still good to see lol
This game sucked. Everyone dogging it from sizers except Toby and Shake and Dwight
Trust the process?
nets should be starting my boy tyler johnson. he’s fucking electric. so fucking disrespectful thag they aren’t playing him smh
I too expected the Kyrie & KD-less Nets to defeat the team with the best record in the NBA
Can anyone explain to me wtf happened lol
Seth Curry confirmed is the Sixers'best player
Why is it schroder on the pic??
That Philly defense
I mean we all knew LeVert has been carrying Kyrie and KD the whole time, we just couldn't come out and say it.
KD and Irving were the problem
Damn everyone should just claim “trap game” everytime they get smacked. Nets lost to the Hornets? Trap game. Lakers lost to the Spurs? Trap game. Bucks losing to the Knicks? Trap game.

Everybody undefeated
Sixers finally played a good full team
It seems like Brooklyn Nets without Kyrie and KD is the best team in the league
How did Joel catch 0 offensive rebounds?
Played the bench of a good team and still got smacked. 76ers still undefeated, though. The losses were just trap games; they don't count, amirite.
“Can’t win with those cats.” - the rest of the Nets roster.
Great win by the Nets, and those jerseys look awesome. Hopefully one day we won't look sluggish and sloppy on the second half of a back-to-back.
Middle Class Klay Thompson hittin them thangs
yo wow, the nets always do better without their stars lol
Part 3? jk jk jk

https://imgur.com/a/TfdhyLN
The Sixers looked horrible tonight but it didn’t help the ref were wearing nets jerseys. How do Embiid/Ben/Tobias get pummeled like that on the offensive glass? What’s with all those turnovers? Terrible showing even if it was on the back end of a home-away back2back
you just lost to caris "under 50 ts%" levert
Harden back on the menu boyz!
Kyrie didn't play cause he didn't want to talk to shaq and Chuck after the game.
Was watching Philly last night too. Embiid needs to get in shape. He was gassed last night & sluggish tonight as well. He’s still playing well, but he could be MVP caliber if he got his conditioning up. (I understand it’s a back to back, basing most of this on how he looked yesterday.)
How come KD didn't play
Ah, so the 'contender' Sixers and 'MVP' Embiid lose against the first good team they play against (which didn't have either star playing)..  Now maybe people will stop overhyping teams with piss-easy schedules.
Still waiting for the dipshits who think Ben Simmons is an All-NBA guy to realize that he's effectively just a big who switches good and passes worse than Jokic. He has a whole mess of tools that just don't go anywhere. He checks a ton of boxes but nobody has explained to me how they're supposed to come together into something coherent.
Ben Simmons stinks
Harden can't get here soon enough lol
Lmao philly lost to a bench
i still have no idea if this is same old sixers or not... need to see them play a top tier team at full strength and regular rest
Effort wasn’t there tonight. Back to backs will do that to you. Gg Nets
Kyrie sat out to not be embarrassed by a potential ECF threat without KD only for the Nets to win.
During these dark times of the raptors being shit, only the sixers getting crapped on can bring a smile to my face.

Bunch of fraud contenders lol, another playoff flameout incoming. Couldn't even beat the Nets without their two superstars
Nice game from the Nets but really didn't appreciate Jarrett Allen's cheap shot on Ben Simmons there coming around the screen.
Kyrie took less than 10 games to revert back to his whiny bitch true self.   Nets aren't winning any rings with Kyrie.
So maybe kyrie is a cancer /s
He said “great veteran move by Demarre Carroll” talking about Prince who is 26
Idk how TNT hasn't realized that the Webber + Marv combo is borderline unwatchable

Like holy shit, they were bad. I'm so thankful for Ian on YES
Marv hasn’t been there mentally for years now and not actually being in the arena makes it even harder on him now. Can’t believe tnt has stuck with him.
before Weber full on started calling Prince “Carroll”, he 100% had their careers mixed up. he talked about how Prince was an amazing defender (the first sign something was wrong), and said Prince had played for many teams, mainly Atlanta. that’s partially right, i guess? Prince only played for the Nets and the Hawks. 

but yea once he started calling him Carroll, you knew he was out of it.
Why does a dumbass like me know more about the league than these guys
This is why you watch YES Network instead 😎
Wasn't there a moment there before half where Chris just up and left, and Marv had to carry the dead air for like 3 minutes? That was kinda odd too.
yup
He also called Maxey, Milton
Marv should have retired 5 years ago he just isn’t there anymore
clearly we need to storm TNT's office
Scotchy scotch scotch. Marv loves scotch
Lol mixing up Prince and Carroll is worse than anything Marv did 😂
I made this mistake too during opening night until Taurean got a layup and then a 3 ball. Knew right away that wasn't Demarre
I was watching on YES so glad I had that commentary lol
Marv Alberts truly can’t see shit going on this head. He’s botched so many names
Marv also kept calling DeAndre Jordan Taurean Prince
Nah, Skip likes the Nets too much to run that take.

ESPN First Take on the other hand...give no fucks about hot takes.
Kyrie is gonna hold a grudge like he did against Boston for being successful without him.
People questioned his contract, thinking hes just a three point shooter, but this game showcased his complete game. Hes great at passing within the flow of an offense; even if most plays that he is the focal point for a related to getting an open look for three, he can still set guys up well of off his drives and exploit rotations. His defense is underrated, and he makes such nice cuts. Really complete player that fits into any lineup
69 straight games with a 3 too
Not to mention 22/7/10 and a team high +23 from Levert, who Sixers fans were bashing bc of the Harden sweepstakes
He also hit a 3 for the 69th straight game
Can the fucking nice funny sex number die? It's fucking insufferable.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lmfao I almost stopped watching because of chris n marv
Saw slanderers in a thread the other day when KD was announced out for 4 days starting with Utah, calling JA trash and too small. And the man has back-to-back efficient and well-played games against two of the best centers in the league
Maybe but he has been good for a while (look at his numbers in the bubble for ex), it's just that the people didn't pay attention.
I love his move where he jumps straight up close to the basket with his arm outstretched away from the basket and he just catapults it in.
I’m not even sure he’s be in the top 5 in voting if it took place today. Modest improvements in
His #’s but not enough to warrant MIP
Kyrie did
Sixers best record in the league? Against a Nets team without their stars? Yeah we had no chance.
A lot of people on our sub saw this coming
Kyrie is going to hold a grudge against everyone who played tonight because they won without him.
Hey Shake looked great tonight!
Lmaoo
Ouch, spicy
Guys hes clearly talking about Seth"Who is steph" Curry.
Had me in the first half, not gonna lie
Yeah, being a back-to-back our energy was clearly off and the team didn't bring it

edit: spelling
You just had to do it one time.
Yeah we had no chance we Seth "best Curry in the league" Curry. I hope we can see a good match up between these tes with both at full strenght.
[SING IT!](https://youtu.be/gEKK3GVd150)
Andy Reid: Enjoy the win, man!
Goddamn - Nub nub
Only reason it didn’t become a blowout earlier
BEEF JERKY JOE TO YOU!
they not gon listen to you.
Ran into a team that couldn’t miss on the second leg of a back to back with our only real perimeter threat out. 

Losses will happen, just gotta minimize them
Idk about Caris looking great, yes he had a really solid game, almost triple double but he's so damn inefficient I can't get over it
Outside of caris passing he looked bad offensively.
neither should you about the wins they accumulated vs non playoff teams
Yup, the team needed their confidence back and know their roles. Gonna be nice once KD is back
Hey you can’t use we’re a 7-1 team as a good thing if we didn’t beat any good teams yet
And only two players logged over 30 min for the Nets. Massive for them
Lol Philly fans in the Kyrie thread were acting frustrated that they "won't be able to see how good we are yet" - assuming they'd squish the Nets.  
  
At any rate, one game doesn't say anything for the season. Just thought this result was funny after that thread.
It’s almost as if this same team made the playoffs last season. Such a result shouldn’t be *too* surprising if you have at least a 10 month long attention span, but yes it’s still surprising for them to beat the team with the best record so far. If Philly puts in a sub-par performance, something like this can happen. It’s almost as if there’s a reason why a lot of people favour Nets to get to the finals
I thought Kyrie is playing today so tuned in and saw he is not going to play and turned off the TV and here we are.
Fool's gold 7-1

6 lottery teams and this was their first game against a contender
"If you're the Nets GM, what's the best KD and Kyrie package you can come up with?" post incoming.
We beat the nets, who beat the sixers, so we're the true leader in the East /s
the Sixers still haven't faced a legitimately good team yet with KD and Kyrie sitting out. definition of cupcake schedule
Sixers learned the hard way. Bubble Nets are unbeatable
Agreed. It makes sense he would be, he's always had a very high bbiq
haven't they done that the past few seasons.  Good chemistry win for sure but they don't need to prove anything
Yeah good job on the Nets though to not play down to the Sixers level.
This is a textbook trap game lmao. Best team in the East vs Nets missing their 2 best players. It was gonna be either this or the Nets losing by 40.
I've been a hardcore NBA fan for the past few years and have never heard this: what is a "trap game"
It's the same issue from years prior rearing it's ugly head. Take care of the ball, guys. I hope it's an anomaly too.
Embiid outhustled and outplayed by Allen
Yeah that was rude.  His reaction was just :|
That and we played really well. Joe Harris lit up and Caris was solid. Fro was locking the paint down again tonight too.
Fax
Just interesting seeing this from a Celts fan. Who have you guys beat?
The team didn't come out interested in playing whatsoever.  Not reading anything into it, but it sucks for a national broadcast.
Stop, I can only get so erect
I'm... I'm not sure how to feel about these.
The most glaring moment was after Dwight fouled out (and Embiid was getting some rest still) philly was playing small with no true big in the game. Slow-as-hell Jordan was matched up on Simmons and just hung around in the paint, and Simmons/the 6ers never punished him for it.
I still have a healthy nets as the team to beat in the east. Still, it's one game. All we can do is get better. Nice to see fro coming into his own and your bench mob stepping up. GG and OTTNO.
Those throwback unis are amazing
SKEEEYUP, LeBron would never just not show up for a game.  Neither would ol' walk it to em.

&#x200B;

HOW BOUT THEM COWBOYS
Jarrett Allen is making that leap and Joe Harris is dangerous
Nah we’re just better when Bruce Brown gets minutes, Green/Allen start, and our bench isn’t just Caris LeVert bricks for 20 minutes.

Harris off the bench has really helped a lot of the flow.

I’d like to finally see a Kyrie/Brown/KD/Green/Allen full strength lineup with LeVert+Harris as 6th/7th men
People said the exact same thing last year where he started similarly poorly, offensively, averaging just 12ppg after the first 16 games of the season. This time though he's coming off of knee surgery which shortened an already historically short post season.
add a serviceable midrange or 3, he can be all star starter
He seems like he’s all but Given up on being a guard in the half court. He doesn’t even do athletic straight line drives like he used to it seems. He seemed clunky and wanted to keep posting up while somebody else handled
It’s those French genes
That must have been like one dude. Most of us were expecting this to be a trap game given it was a back to back.
What's with the victim complex? lmao
Without Dinwiddie
If Joel gets hurt in this pointless game r/NBA would be all over Doc's ass lmao
As a fan of both this hurts
idk about that fam
Not gonna lie... We got socked square in the jaw.
was levert good? the box score looks terrible
hes out on covid protocal
Still upset he left? It's been over a year, let go
Caris “10/1 A/TO” LeVert
What are you talking about he looked great last night and especially in the fourth
contact tracing
1-6
1-6
Ben intentionally hit that screen pretty hard. Allen obviously can't respond like that but it wasn't like Ben was some saint
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bETBdsa8Fzg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bETBdsa8Fzg)
I enjoyed it, Allen should have lowered his shoulder too
This man singlehandedly killed it against the Jazz. You shut your mouth
it wasn’t just the names, he legitimately confused their entire careers.

fucking marv albert mistook DeAndre Jordan for Prince at one point too lmfaoo
honestly ive confused Prince for Carroll a couple of times
Carroll isn't even in the league anymore lmao
Yo I saw that and was so confused. Like how is Prince a vet.
The other day the Timberwolves local announcer called D'Angelo Russel a vet.
Well when the ratings are announced and they are all going to toilet, people just assume it’s because there are +10M people streaming it illegally.
Couldn't get goddamn League Pass to work so I was relying on streams tonight and when I tried to find one with YES coverage, it was of course too laggy. I was so pissed even as we were winning lol
Webber used to be good in the studio. He's awful calling games.

The NBA needs its Tony Romo. All we have now are a bunch of Phil Simms, except they're also really negative about today's players. At least Simms didn't rag on today's NFL.
Yeah a couple years ago I think they could get away with it just from the immense nostalgia factor but it’s just embarrassing at this point.
How does he still get these gigs? Is he on a contract? In a union? Surely he’s past an acceptable level of mistakes made per game?
Demarre Carroll + prince both primarily made their names for hawks and nets yet only one is still actually on the nets hahah
I live in Western PA, so I pay for LP specifically so I can get our broadcasts consistently, yet it wouldn't fucking load today so I had to watch on a stream
I mean they spent a quarter and a half talking about the etymology of "sticktoitiveness"
I watched the entire TNT broadcast not realizing it was also on YES 😐
That happens a lot unnoticed..  bathroom break etc.  You notice it when they are awful tho
I want iguodala
I'll admit that I didn't watch that much Joe Harris before this year, so I assumed he was just another sharpshooting white guy. I was wrong. He's big. He can put in on the floor a bit. He's just a solid, well-rounded player.
There wasn't really anything to question, we were in the tax anyway.
Adding "nice cuts" at the end doesn't do it justice. His off-ball movement is his second greatest strength, just behind shooting. The combination of his shooting and off ball movement is what truly makes him lethal
double nice
Nice
Nice^^NICE
Not while the average age of this sub is 14.
agree
You sound like you have a major case of ligma.
meh, I love it.  Always reminds me of that South Park episode
Nice
[deleted]
should've switched to the Nets broadcast. Going from the worst duo to the best.
Marv confusing Shamet with Chiozza & Web calling prince Demare Carrol like 8 times lmao... GG though!
Marv Albert bit a hooker in the back
I actually did. It was terrible.
That’s what I’m saying. He’s not doing this against scrubs. He took Gobert’s lunch money the other night
I saw some nice hook shots when he was playing in the bubble. If he can develop that he’ll be next level.
Is it coincidence the Nets play much better when Jarrett Allen starts and plays twice the minutes DeAndre does? I think not.
Yeah I'd kind of say he doesn't deserve it. What he deserves are minutes and starts.
Two years ago he was skinny and Embiid ate his lunch

Didn't pay attention for a hot minute and he's fucking yoked now
His third eye told him to sit out to ensure a W lmao
You caught the Wizards curse.

Teams play us thinking every game going forward will be uncontested 3’s and no defense on them.

Get completely shook once they start playing a competent team right after.

You’re welcome 😉
Nope.
Looking forward to more Shake vs Joe showdowns in the future.
Dwight fouling out in 12 minutes was hilarious though.
you need a wahmbulance?
This is super catchy lol

I wonder what grade this project received? I'd give it an A+
Shake
He's like Westbrook.  He shoots inefficiently but the team is better with him because he creates efficient shots for others.
He just looked tired in the second half, I think he missed 4 straight FT’s

Coach gotta get him more minutes if this is what happens when he plays a full game
you sure love hating on Caris lol, tho i will agree he wasn’t great this game, but was good enough
Box score doesn't say everything, he was absolutely great even if he got a little gassed in the fourth and missed some shots. Can't even blame him for being tired, he was easily the hardest working guy on the court today
He just forces his shots too much... He needs to let the game come to him more
He was drawing all the defensive attention today. Was gonna be tough to be efficient but he created heaps for others.
He's not?
I mean, good teams beat up on the bad teams and go slightly above .500 against other good teams.



There were only seven teams with a winning record against above .500 teams last year.
this but unironically
Yes
I saw a ton of sixers fans saying it’d be a trap game. N we were right lol. We played ass, we lost it happens
I thought the sixers had a 50/50 chance playing Kyrie.

After hearing he was out I knew it was a guaranteed nets win.
> "wouldn't be able to see how good we are yet" - assuming they'd squish the Nets.

"This would have been a good measuring stick game if KD had played" 76ers fans a couple of days ago lol
Well, if you can't use the previous 6 wins to credit the team's quality, you also can't use a single loss to discredit it. Off night for the Sixers, and unfortunately it wasn't even against the Full Nets team, which has also lost some games with Kyrie and KD together.
Without kyrie n Kevin Durant. We still haven’t faced a good team.
It's just like when Philly fans try to say Ben Simmons could be a #1 option and a superstar because of a 16 game streak back in 2018 when they played against literally only 3 playoff teams, one of which was an 8th seed and another was the very last game of the season where starters barely played.
> first game against a contender

supposed to be... but without KD and Kyrie, they've yet to face a contender.
With kyrie and KD out we still were a playoff team..
Didn't the Nets also face the Hornets and Wizards and lose lmfao
Bubble Nets exposed the Bucks and Clippers as pretenders.
And he's good with people.
We've had a lot of turnover recently and it's been a little shaky to start the season. It's good to know we don't live/die by Kyrie and KD
Also back-to-back for the Sixers. Not really surprising that our bench who didn't play all that much last night was noticeably better than the starters
That's the best team in the east? Surely you mean just by record through the first few games, right...
It's a game that - on paper - should be an easy win for a team, but they end up losing. For instance, you'd think the Sixers, who are a 7-1 team, would beat a Nets squad missing KD and Kyrie
Thanks!  Yeah I’m seeing that Harris had a great game, I love that guy.  Good to see LeVert be solid, I know he’s struggled somewhat thus far.  Would like to see him stay healthy for the entire season (Kyrie, too)
Miami, Bucks, Pacers

without Kemba
Facts lol, DJ guarding Simmons should be a mismatch every time, but they never even tried to take advantage.
Where's the guy that said he'd be the top Center in 3 years
nah man, he already exhausted his one jump shot this season with the 3 he made a few games ago.
 It was lol https://i.imgur.com/WMhrksm.jpg
Nah if you look at the thread about Kyrie not playing, most sixers fans were bummed because they wanted a real test to see how good they were. Guess they found out tonight either way lol
88 upvotes https://i.imgur.com/1f7Zpf8.jpg
Take the L my guy
But he did put him in, when it was too late. I get it if he threw the towel and benched him altogether. It was odd.
I'm sorry but I cant get over how useless simmons is in the half court. if you guys can get harden without giving up embiid, you'd be my favorites out of the east.
We all get smoked at the most random times, it happens.
His shooting touch was off, but his driving and passing game was still huge for us, especially in the 1st half to create the buffer that we held most of the game.
fuck that they’re just hiding from meth curry’s might
yes I'm very upset he left and handed the keys to the Jays 😢😢
Oh he’s still playing good. But he was gassed. He could be even better, & just dominant. Tonight he settled for 3a and barely fought for post position.
It wasn't a cheap shot though. He was being aggressive in a game they were trying to keep close. Allen blindside shoved Ben in the back. Needs to keep his emotions in check, especially when they were winning like they were.
That wasn't justified either. That was also OVER TWO YEARS AGO. I am reacting to an occurrence in tonight's game.
He was so heated lmfao. And Dwight was pissed at Jarrett today too, he knows how to piss these Sixers centers off
Now they're saying it was Jae Crowder
It was a huge dunk clearly by DeAndre and he still says Prince
Steve Kerr was pretty solid but well you know. Also Clyde Frazier has been pronouncing and announcing for like forty years. But he’s ours.
I assume he was on a multi year contract.
League Pass doesn’t let you stream games that are nationally televised. I know this because I too am from western pa and I too wanted to avoid Albert and webber lol
This has got to be the worst LP has been in years, right?
They mentioned it like two times, calm down
Probably happens a lot more now that announcers are working remotely.
What about the verbal bathroom breaks Mark Jackson goes on?
hes a great finisher at the rim, and he cant be completely abused on defense. it was a bit of an overpay but for this team his shooting is just invaluable.
yea he’s a great inside scorer too. he actually finishes contested shots at the rim at the same rate as LeBron
A real scrappy high basketball IQ player.

A real coaches guy, he's sneaky athletic.

Works hard in the gym and shows great hustle.

Plays like a young [Insert other white player here].
Its more like, lethal cuts with fantastic contested finishing making them almost unguardable lol
138
Nice Nice
Haha look at me im so mature i get annoyed by innocuous bullshit
Haha ligma balls bish
I don't have the YES channel and NBCS Philly didn't do a broadcast. I watch TNT games on mute with a podcast usually but I wanted to give them a shot for us. I was wrong.
I could not find YES anywhere online. Spend the whole 2nd quarter looking for it.
Not even the best duo in NY lol
Gobert has a lot of lunch money
he had a stretch like this last year then fell off. he needs to do this most nights now to take the next step
Forget which game he took a jumper this season, and man if he hit it 😩
He’s always had a good looking hook shot, doesn’t get to use it too often though.
Agreed. First time All Star buzz is what he deserves if he keeps it up.
just seeing if his team can handle adversity
he saw all the possibilities and this was the only way they would win
Also, probably tired from chasing Beal around all night.
Nope what
That’s Joe “best G/F on the Nets” Harris to you!
For sure, I love him though lmao
Unnecessary
Yes
No need to be shitty.
Cut that shit.
?? 

Aggressive.
> wahmbulance

Are we in 2005?
That's what I'm saying he has a really solid game, really good, but 22 points on 25 FGA, 0-5 from 3, 4-10 from the FT is not what I consider looking great. If me bringing that up is hating then I guess im a hater
I watched the game tn, come on bro with the "he missed  some shots", he misses way more than some shots and it's a career long thing, he's really improved as a playmaker this year tho so props for that
he didn't mention that part of their record at all so I'm just making sure he's thinking consistently
Probably the contenders, which the 76ers want to be.
So, half of the good teams are good against good teams. That checks out.
U guys look like the sixers from last season without seth curry to space the floor.
Definitely still a long way to go. Second night of a b2b was completely evident. The energy just wasn’t there which is understandable. Not too concerned by this loss.
It’s really about Nets depth. It’s about the group not an individual. And that’s the mentality nets play with.
nobody says this mr flairless
yep - y'all were decent last year and added KD and kyrie, going to be a beast this year
Are u saying we exposed the sixers as pretenders? The answer is yes
That’s his biggest asset IMO, gives me some Kerr vibes in terms of personality and leadership style.
Hard worker too. Real gym rat
I kind of disagree with the general sentiment here. While it's good to see guys step up, ultimately this team is only gonna go so far as KD+Kyrie take them. This team is undoubtedly making the playoffs, I don't think anybody is really gonna question that. But the most important thing we need to see here in the regular season is KD+Kyrie building chemistry with each other and everyone in the supporting cast figuring out their roles and how to contribute effectively around the core 2. Any games where KD and Kyrie sit out, regardless of whether the team wins or loses, is sort of a waste because they don't get a chance to build that chemistry with each other.

Still, not gonna complain about the win.
It was crazy that I wanted Embiid to come in. He was clearly pretty gassed so we were getting away with some easy buckets. Must be a lot of fucking energy to move his massive frame so I can't blame him.
That too. Classic trap game lmao.
It’s more than that. 

It’s a game that a good team just totally overlooks and expects to be easy, so they end up not playing their best and get a way more competitive game than they anticipated.
So an upset?
For sure! Yeah same same. Also! Congrats on your guys win last night. Seems like y’all could be on the up and up.
Clapped
Miami and early Bucks dont look the same. We’re any over .500 when you beat them?
He might be right
Came w the receipts
You really saved this on your computer
Has nothing to do with the sixers...
Uh how do I take it? ;)
... okay?
Bench got them back into the game TBF.  I've noticed Doc will roll with the lineup that's working at the moment.
I don't know man, he was pretty clearly trying to hit Allen hard. Even if it was legal, what he did to Allen would've caused more pain than Allen giving him a shove when he was already past him. I wouldn't even call what Allen did that much cheaper than an intentional foul
Some of us won't let it go. Please bear with us. 😁
Now they're saying it was Kenneth Faried
Marv: Here we are in the 7th Inning of Game Seven in the Stanley Cup finals between the Boston Patriots and Montreal Expos, and surprisingly both teams have been replaced by shapeshifting bugs from Mars.
To be fair, Prince Crowder and Carroll are all the same person
Oh that makes sense. Fuck I am going to have to stream a lot of games this year then
They talked about for a while, brought it back up after the commerical break.  Then  later on they had a screenshot from Merriamwebster.com
No, it's a bunch of spam that contributes literally nothing.
goteem!
I strongly recommend the app "GameDay", it's only a few bucks and has radio play-by-play for literally every single game (as far as I can tell, at least). It's often a few seconds ahead of tv broadcasts, but you can pause it and hit play again and it'll then be on a few-second delay (if you care about syncing it up with the video broadcast). It's also great for when you're driving, washing dishes, etc. I personally think the Philly radio guy is pretty good, definitely a bit of a homer but still gives credit to other teams' players when they make a good move.

Edit: this app is on iOS, I assume it's on android as well but I'm not sure
Lol I ended up muting it
Very true
And Allen snatched it up
People *have* been saying he's Strange...
Probably tired chasing all the bricks the rest of the Wiz was throwing up haha
Yea he's a top tier back up C, but like c'mon Dwight, Embiid and Simmons are gassed, Wizard and Nets are some of the highest paced teams in the league and you guys are on a b2b, you cant foul out that quick haha
based on his username he plays overwatch, you have to excuse him for the toxicity; its built into him at this point
They’re still mad about the Eagles I think lol
nah yall sixers fans were so confident the Sixers were the best in the east when they were beating down on only shitty teams in their schedule that you overlooked the nets talking about "I'm mad we won't get to know how good the Sixers are". humble yourselves
You got owned
Nah i’m just saying I feel like I’ve seen you talk about Levert in a negative way a lot. Could be wrong, but i agree with your take about this game
Everything was short. He was prob gassed, this was his first start of the year and on top of that a lot of people are forgetting he’s coming back from a shoulder injury. His shot being a bit off and shots coming up short are pretty normal rn
I agree, Caris 2nd half was ugly. He looked out of control a lot, and his shot release looks really off. His playmaking was good though.
hes been great as a playmaker virtually his entire career. I agree hes inefficient but he can give enough as the main guy because he will legit average 10 assists. kinda similar to westbrook.
That's so kind of you
Uh, no.  Being a playoff team doesn't make you a good team.
Thank god it’s a b2b instead of every fucking game like last year
Yeah we missed Seth for sure
lmao the team out there tonight was not a contender hahaha
le xd reddit meme
I agree with the general sentiment but I don't think games like this are a waste. Even before the season started I didn't think we'd have a high seed and we'd be fighting for our spot so every win without Kyrie and KD are great. Plus it's nice to know games without them are fun to watch, I just like basketball and I like it more when my team wins
> Any games where KD and Kyrie sit out, regardless of whether the team wins or loses, is sort of a waste because they don't get a chance to build that chemistry with each other.

It's not an unreasonable take. Seems like Clippers this year are trying to play Kawhi and PG as many games as possible w/ less load management than last year, trying to build up that chemistry. As long as it doesn't result in them getting gassed by the playoffs, it should be a good experience given what came out about last season during the offseason.
It's a bit more than that. It's those games that even though you think it should be easy they end up being hard and you kinda expect the team not to show up. In this case it's against a Nets teams that doesn't have their starters in a back to back after a tough win. Basically your team is tired and even thought they probably tell themselves to not understimate the Nets who are still a good team without KD and Kyrie there is probably some relaxation knowing they won't play. So it's really common for teams to not bring their full effort/focus in these situations and end up losing a game that should be a win. So that's why it's called a trap game. It's not really an excuse but this is a classic scenario of when people use that phrase.

Plus teams who lost key players like the Nets are often hungry to prove themselves. Again, I'm not really trying to make excuses, you guys playesnbettsr and that's it. I'm just explaining why people are calling it a trap game.
Come on.
Takes 2 seconds to screenshot my phone https://i.imgur.com/3Vw4jaI.jpg
Yeah I’ll spit in your mouth just this one time
Payback for when Embiid elbowed him.
We'll always hold onto Mike Scott draining the shot of the series. Too bad he wasn't out there tonight.
“YES! And it counts!”
And it took up all of like 2 minutes in total lmao.
Id rather read it than read yall bitching tbh
Did you just call me spam?
his name is Tom McGinness and he’s amazing
At least it's not Dota/LoL tier toxicity I guess.
We aren’t allowed to be happy when our team wins?
Humble ourselves? Lmao you are a clown
I don't usually go out of my way to bring him up I just comment on him when I see relevant threads come up, he's a good player, improved a lot as a playmaker but I just can't get over the inefficiency
Idk why ppl continue to feel the need to make so many excuses for him

"he was gassed", "first start of the year", "he's coming off a shoulder injury" like Jesus, can you not just say it was a bad shooting night without trying to justify it?
His aggression to keep getting to the line in the 3rd was good too. Just needs to work on his FT's
I try
Okay, which of last year's thirteen teams over .500 would not have counted as a good win? Enough to actually make the point worth contesting?
Only every road game.
oh for sure it's definitely fun watching these bench dudes take down the Sixers. This is entertainment after all, not gonna act like we were supposed to sit here with a frown watching this game lol. I just don't think winning games without KD+Kyrie necessarily prove anything in terms of our championship potential
dafuq?
Ughh he had the ugliest jumper. I used to get mad watching them go in that series
Awfully defensive over here...
It's more justified than the funny sex number spam, that's for sure.
you can be happy. but dont be disrespectful when yall got swept in the first round just like we did last season
Fair enough. We all wish he was more efficient so you’re not alone there
Well because us Nets fans have an inflated view of Caris’ talent which he deserves.

He’s been bad this year, looked like he started turning it on then struggled down the stretch. I gave a few possible reasons as to why from a Nets fans perspective. I’m very hopeful that Caris can put it all together, he’s had lots of set backs and I personally do feel his play this season will pick up. 

I do not know if any of those excuses are valid they are just three things that may be impacting him I thought of. I’m not saying all those things together are responsible for his shitty start of the season
Dude.  There were only 7 teams last year that had a winning record against above .500 teams.   Making the playoffs in the NBA is barely an accomplishment.
Glad we agree 👍 It always annoys me when people wanna watch their team tank, wouldn't you rather want them to be entertaining
Huh? I'm not being defensive lmao I'm just saying I think you're making a mountain out of a molehill lol.
someone had a bad night. I’m usaully happy after my team wins but damn.
I just don't understand the big deal as to why you can't discuss him without being honest about it. I look at Hornets fans with Devonte Graham, they like him, MIP candidate last yr, bucket getter, but he's inefficient as fuck yet they can admit it freely. I've just never in my life seen fans say "oh he was just probably really gassed" as much as Ive seen them say it about Levert. Like this guy is in his 5th or 6th year, he's played and started in plenty of games, how is he was gassed still a thing people use to defend him? He's been inefficient his entire career but ppl still want to defend him like it's just a cold stretch he's going through. His entire career is a cold stretch tho lol, whatever I digress I just don't get it. Hes still a really good player but i just like, I just can't help but laugh when I see someone say, oh he was playing heavy mins the second half, he was shouldering the load on offense. Wow I can't believe no other player has ever had to deal with that lol
*shrug* Semantics. Half of teams over .500 had a winning record against other teams over .500. That checks out.
When it comes to petty arguments on reddit, Im proud of my sticktoitiveness
All those points are valid my man 🤙🏼. 

Caris is an inefficient player until he can finally do it consistently. he has been like this his whole career thus he is an inconsistent scorer with inefficient stats. 

Definitely isn’t a big deal at all!
Goddamn, got me with the long con. You brilliant son of a bitch.
Well don't get me wrong the rest of his stats are fine 4 rebounds, 7 assists is good, I just think you shouldn't sugarcoat his inconsistency as a scorer with "he was gassed"
I’m talking about this game. He was hot, then in the second half all his shots were short. 

I made no excuses for him being an inconsistent scorer for years. Sure he’s had bad luck and excuses; all nba players for the most part do. 

I have seen him put great stretches of play together and we all think he has a lot of talent. But I’m not out here saying he deserves to be seen as a consistent scorer despite the numbers
We may feel as fans we have seen him flip the switch a few times but it doesn’t matter if he can’t stay healthy and do it for an entire season. 

That’s my Caris Levert take, not really as crazy as you seemed to be interpreting
I'm interpreting it as it was presented to me, your  first comment within the first two sentences you said he was gassed, it was his first start, he's coming off a shoulder injury. That's also me taking into account all the other Nets fans who said the exact same things to me in this thread. Idk how else to interpret that. Like I said, he's a good player, but the justification is just unreal sometimes
Well then you interpreted me wrong. Miscommunication. No biggie
unreal how good KD is, proved he is the leader tonight for sure!
so 2 main takeaways here:

1. Bruce Brown should never ever get another DNP-CD and needs 20+ minutes a game 

2. Kevin Durant.
After everything that happened today nets fans needed this one lmao
13 assists? From KD?
*Facundo Campazzo gets hit in the nuts*

"I think Campazzo got hit in a difficult spot... Don't cry for me, Argentina."

I fucking LOVE watching the Nets. Ian Eagle for president

No fucking answer for kd. No fucking answer
We dont need you Kyrie! (Please come back)
god i love KD. so glad he's back
durant just played one of the greatest basketball games of all time
I've missed watching KD's daggers
Kevin Durant has made a full recovery.

Nuggets squandered a 70 point first half, yikes.
Could be a turning point. Nuggets are a good team, was down big at half and came out in the second half a completely different team and ho\[e this win instills confidence going forward.
Jokic had Harris on him, instead gave it to Barton with Allen on him, that ended up being a Murray fadeaway brick with 40 seconds left down 4, i don't understand why Jokic didn't just post up Harris..
KD was doing everything out there tonight in the 4th.  Such a fun finish to this game
Don't let KD averaging near 30 ppg distract you from the fact his coming off an Achilles injury.
If the Nets lost all talk would have been on Kyrie's zoom appearance. This W helps lessen that a bit.
that 3rd quarter was something else
How can you go from not being able to guard parked cars to lockdown defense just like that ?
The Bruce brown trade was so dumb we literally gave him away for nothing, happy to see he's balling out tho
What the fuck weren't the nets down 20 at halftime?
“I’m kevin Durant, you know who I am”
I love the nets and I love Kyrie fuck all the impatient nets fans man just let this team go man. All their wins are good wins although they do have some bad losses to bad teams.
Nice to see Durant proving everyone (me included) who said he wouldn’t come back the same wrong
That half of shooting by the nets was something to witness. Wow.
Kyrie Irving? Never heard of him.
KD on that fuck your bitch energy
I hope I never cut off KD in traffic.
hE wOnT bE tHe SaMe
What a choke job
The Nuggets have 5 wins and those 5 wins are against

1) the COVID Rockets

2) KAT-less Timberwolves

3) KAT-less Timberwovles

4) 8-man Sixers

5) the Knicks 

Thought they were gonna get another tonight with the Kyrie+Dinwiddie-less Nets but nope.  When is it time to worry?
god what a strange game. The Nuggets need a lot of help holding leads. Their defense is lacking. Their offense is confusing with certain rotations. This is NOT a top 5 seed team despite what anyone says. Without the leadership of Jokic, this team is in a weird space. 

Shoutout to Will Barton showing up. Murray looked great. Jokic is Jokic. No Harris but scratch that for no Irving. 

What the fuck was that shot by Murray? Seriously? Come on. 

On to the next game. This team needs a lot of more concentrated work on defensive rotations, not having anti-COVID-19 individuals on the team and some smarter shot selection. a blown 16 point lead. sure, they kept it close, but this shouldn’t have slipped away.
That game had a very wild ending
Tf is jokic statline today btw
Kd about to have 2011 dirk style run once kyrie retires.
Y'all said he lost a step lmao
Someone tell Brooklyn Management 

That KD needs no help
Pass the ball Jamal this isn't the bubble
Who needs Kyrie when you have Bruce Brown
Kyrie who?

Brooklyn is Big Bad Bruce Brown's Borough
I'm just here for the postgame interview drama and questions about Irving
Kyrie Who?
Malone’s gotta realize this guard heavy lineup ain’t it. Defense isn’t going to get any better playing 3-4 guards at a time and they aren’t contributing anything offensively.
Runs happen BUT

A) Is that 3 games now that Malone has run PJ at the 4 to close the game while the team implodes? I’ve never been so back and forth with a coach in my life as with Malone. His safety blanket players and insane rotations never cease to dumbfound.

B) Murray had 0 rebounds tonight. I think he had 1 the game prior. He is normally a good rebounder. He has looked passive— particularly when it comes to shooting the 3— and just an all-around roughly since the 2nd half of the T-Wolves game. Got to think he is playing hurt (again). Nuggets analysts indicated he is dealing with the elbow injury that already cost him a game, but he was grabbing his hammy at times too. If it's the later, they need to consider sitting him. Cause this version of Murray isn't gonna cut it.  

C) The difference between this year and last in the clutch is that A) Murray is out of shape (and now might be hurt) so the O isn’t clicking at the same rate and B) we can’t stop anybody. But sure— we don’t miss Grant at all when playing good team.

D) At least Barton and Harris look good again. We NEED to trade one of them for a real 3.

E) MPJ would have been extremely useful this game

F) Durant is always a pleasure to watch even if he is a snake
KD is, alone, defying wtf an achilles tear means for a NBA career.
Total Nuggets collapse in third then we get back in and Malone decides to play 4 guard lineup in key time??? With Dozier as PF while you have a perfectly good Green playing well??

Are we tanking ? Cause that would explain this nonsensical lineups to throw the game. Malone went from Plumkic and 2 C to totally opposite experiment with 4 guards and keeps playing it despite it not working. Position are there in basketball for a reason all this years yet Malone experiments costing us dearly and shitting on Jokic good games
Nuggets need to step up.
Bol Bol is just not nba ready.
Bruce brown is so good, deserves more minutes.
We just gotta stop turning the ball over so many goddamn times and we would be fine
PJ Dozier defensive stopper was certainly an experience.
Why do the nets and rockets have the same colors now? It’s basically three teams with this same light blue then red
BRUCE BROWN 🔥🔥🔥🔥❤️❤️❤️

cryknee nerveing 🗑️🗑️🤡🤡🤡
How many points did Kyrie have?

He’s healthy and under contract, so I assume he played at least 30 minutes last night, right? Hello, is this thing on?
Kai Irving who?  /s
what is this box score?
KD gonna have to do it himself lmao. Nuggets are boofed rn tho
Kyrie wanted someone who could make the last shot so he could work remotely
Feel like he is the claw and I am one of those little green men in the machine just waiting for KD to come down and hold me
It was all part of Kyries master plan?
3 . Nuggets can't get stops.
So Bruce has been good so far?
Bruh, if we lost today, I couldn't show my face at work tomorrow.
The media and this sub were so ready for us to take an L lol
He was doubled every time he touched the ball
KD is doing Kyrie's job for him.
that’s what happens when Kyrie/Dinwiddie are out and LeVert comes off the bench
nash taught him some stuff
Also 7 TOs so not ideal.
I miss Sarah Kustok
There never has been
You ain't lyin
Don’t jinx it
thats what i thought about the jazz game, then the sixers game. This team is gonna be up and down all year. we just have to hope we can put it together before the playoffs and durant puts kyrie in his place.
From what I remember, Barton actually called for it. Jokic even hesitated a bit before passing it over, which is rare.
yeah that was the mistake of the game. Allen was getting abused by jokic but hes actually decent guarding on the perimeter, its  not a huge mismatch with him on barton.
I think he was tired af honestly, he doesn't really shy away from the ball late in the game
I think with this game he's actually at 30 already
Facts, everyone was cooking except Bumass TLC and ball hog LeVert, Nash should learn from this that we're a far better team if DJ doesn't play.
Yeah I was not expecting that.... That 1st half was so fucking ugly and then they played that 3rd quarter. Huh? Where was that the whole 1st half?!?!?!?? Why cant you give a shit the whole game so we can have an easy win instead of this shit lol

But a win is a win, make adjustments and on to the next one
effort
Effort, focus and better rotations.
Dw Bruce is very loved in his new home!!
They shot almost 90% fg in the 3/4
18
Nah Kyrie doing some shady shit.  

Love watching him, love that he picked the Nets, but dude can handle whatever he is going through much more professionally than he has.

Dude forgets many other's success is contingent upon his success.
Well...i went through your profile...you are not the smartest of men in the first place lol
It was a real concern, but happy that he's as good as he was.
He's not the same, he's better
what a Kevin Durant
Our entire defensive strategy is to just hope they miss. Wide open threes every time down.
A 16 point lead in the current NBA is practically nothing
I mean they literally didnt miss that 3rd quarter, shitty loss for the nuggets but that shit happens sometimes
Its way past that, but malone is on crack with Dozier at the 4 lineups
When Malone stops playing PJ at the four in the clutch, we have a healthy roster and we are still losing.

People focus on who we are beating instead of the fact that we have not played a game with a full roster all year. 

Green missed the first 3 or 4 games. Then Murray missed a game with an elbow injury (that our play by play guys said is still bugging him). Then MPJ went out with Covid stuff. Then Harris (who was finally playing well) missed tonight.

During all of that-- all of which involves the starters and our 7th man-- Morris was the only hold over off of the bench and they were finding their chemistry-- and appear to have finally found it.
I would call this a lower value complex. Ok I understand that you from Portland have no future with such a roster but you are a joke. We are constantly short of starters, we have 10 times missing important players and Malone is forcing the game with 4 guards. You're funny, man. Half of the games are not played by a guy who has an average of 20 points + a lot of other players are still absent and you write like we play complete. Porter, Murray, Green, Gary were all absent
Murray did not look great whatsoever. Monte looked great.
[deleted]
> Murray looked great. 

the fuck were you watching
Murray has looked like shit since the second half of the T-Wolves game. Don't know what you were talking about. 

And at least in the previous games, he was passive but efficient.
Shot near 50% from 3 ...
who said that
Even if he did an 80% KD is still better than almost everyone in the league.
He's clearly less athletic than his peak, but his jumper and his decisionmaking more than makes up for the loss in athleticism
even if he did, he's still the second best player in the world
He’s recovered nicely from that Achilles injury. That’s not always the case with everyone though.
I mean the man really really does need help though. Their defense is fucking trash. Just bring some defenders out there and let KD do the scoring lol
You misspelled our new starter, Bruce Brown
Green can't play big minutes yet, his conditioning isn't there. He's totally gassed in his minutes
He would be if he was incorporated into the rotations properly, but malone likes his Dozier dose at the 4
I laughed hard enough that it was worthy of typing this whole sentence instead of saying lol.

Good game, you guys are sick
Kyrie living the dream of us remote workers, except I still have to show up to my job ☹️
Weird
Kds master plan.. people now feeling sorry for kd
Neither can we 99% of the time
Pretty sure they 3 main guys they had defending KD all game were Bol Bol, Dozier, and Barton... That's a tough time.
Hes "Marcus Smart at home". A lot of winning plays, not necessarily the most gaudy stats and some frustrating offensive possessions but he can contribute to a winning team for sure
First game he has, he was unable to make good passes and any 3s in his first few games
Any time he has gotten a real chance, yes
Kyrie?
Go check the Nets sub, some “Nets” fans were whining the team quit cause Kyrie quit.
And still got that 30 piece with 60/40/90 split.
True those need to come down...but he’s trying too many high risk passes
Did she use to announce for you guys? If so, thank you. She's awesome.
ofc Barton would call it away from the most clutch player in the league wow
Mistake of the game for the nuggets was challenging that offensive foul on Barton, Jokic had scored on the previous two possessions before that and it completely killed his momentum when the call was upheld. That plus playing Dozier so much this year really has me starting to question malones decisions
I thought Allen did pretty well considering
29.9 but yeah lol.
Yeah I hope everyone is learning on the go, and we will see progress with the stuff like this.
Sure but why wouldn't you make the effort in the first place ? Not like it was a second game of a b2b or a lenghty roadtrip
Definitely won’t deny I post my share of dumb shit too
that's kinda mean man. anyways, lakers flair.
hes having a better regular season than hes had in a while. if the nets werent a dumpster fire right now hed be a top mvp candidate.
Dozier looked particularly bad in the second half. Constantly getting blown by or being late on the close outs. Really missing a wing defender for the Nuggets. I'd say they should've kept Craig over Dozier.
As a Wiz fan, I feel you
Yeah man. The Nets had so many open looks and the Nuggets were lucky they were missing em. Yall need MPJ back (also harris missing didnt help). I've watched all of your games cause yall's her favorite team lol and that's atleast 4 games you guys have blown with a big lead
That was our defensive strategy in the first half as well, but I guess whatever Nash said worked cause they actually tried to defend you guys in that 3rd Quarter.

Ugly game from both sides honestly (Defensively), but enjoyable down the line.
The fact that the nets pretty much scored on every shot they took to erase the lead in half a quarter is a problem though
Is it time to bring back the fire-maloners?
lol.
Murray looked better than previous games. is that asking a lot? no. but he did.
better than previous games. i’ll take it in comparison to barely 10 points a game
lmao yeah I was like "what is this dude on???" He was a non-factor out there.
a better game than previous? he came and actually scored for once. did he make bad decisions? yes. but he still put up a good amount of points to keep us around.
he scored more this game than previous. he helped. i’ll take it.
Y'all, of course.

Whenever anyone has a point they want to make but they don't have a good reason to make it, 'Y'all' did something wrong.
The bad men
Op hears voices in his head can't blame him if he heard it there
hundreds of comments this summer saying hed never be the same.
And his height, don't forget the height
Feels like Joker is somewhat unstoppable scoring when he wants.  Guy is special, we're just lucky to have KD who is just at another gear!
So far this season, we're kinda bipolar. We'll have our days. Sometimes maybe good, sometimes maybe shit. Good game
You guys soak and calling that weird
Except when Bruce Brown snatches a block with one hand
tbf, it's fucking KD.  Who isn't having a tough time?
Yeah but he only had 18 shots (efficient). The whole team was 60.8%. Everyone couldn't guard.
he had a few good games but a fwe bad ones.
So long as we don't rely on him to bring the ball up
lmao no, Kyrie wouldn't show up either way
Kyrie.
Kai?
honestly looked pretty bad the first half, almost got that vibe. but the second half we came out fighting. Durant is a monster crazy that hes on our team.
JJ's podcast had a fellow player mention to him offline that "KD is fucking good."

And it's funny, we all know that, but sometimes we see him do something and still go "he's fucking good."

That step-back 3 at the end was just the occasion for me.
She’s from the Chicago area and she’s done sideline reporting for a number of Chicago teams. Still glad that we have her though.
Barton was shooting 6/8 behind the arc and we were doubling Jokic immediately. It was the right decision.
I was disappointed with his effort. He was getting worked but it also seemed like he just wasn't there mentally. Only 5 rebounds
By some crazy hot unsustainable shooting
Dozier has been a better defender this year than Craig was last year. They are basically the same size too.
Maybe, we have Joe Harris and KD who are utterly amazing 3-pt shooters which made the difference.  The 3-ball is a game changer if you can get hot there.
no he didn’t
Yeah on way more shots. Do you only look at points and not how they were scored?
Lol for real, I find it hard to believe anyone said he lost a step when he's been dominating since his first game back
Physically he has a bit , but he is so fucking good it doesn't matter.
the first mistake is listening to fucking any single comment on /r/nba
It's not that he's really unstoppable, he just has an astronomical BBIQ. Every shot he takes is a great shot (for him). He simply doesn't take bad shots, he knows what he's good at, and the result is that if Jokic did decide to shoot it, you already know it has a good chance of going in.

In comparison KD... can simply not be stopped.
You gotta take what you can get from Mormon girls man
Nah that was fucking weird
Prime CP3 and Tony Allen are the only names to come to mind
That’s true, both team’s shooting splits were absurd this game. No Net shot under 50% from the field, crazy stuff.
I'm so happy to see him playing again and actually playing at a top level.
20 points vs. barely 10.
Fair point
Yeah but same could be said about JJ Barea and LBJ in the finals.

Same beast, different animals and all
You and me both brother. Good players playing well is just good for us all.
One was in a blowout win and one included a garbage time 3. Really the difference of 14 points while winning big verse 17 points while losing ugly
"What the fuck are you talking about Kobe Bryant?!"
If it wasn’t for KD we would have won
Jarrett Allen with 19/18 + 3 steals and 2 blocks on 8/9 shooting

 Kyrie with 29/6/5 + 3 steals on 12/19 shooting

 Caris LeVert with 24/5 + 2 steals on 9-18 shooting in 21 minutes

 this game was a wet dream
how the fuck are we gonna pay jarrett allen lmao
**PAY JARRETT ALLEN WHATEVER THE FUCK HE WANTS, IN WHATEVER CURRENCY HE WANTS, WHETHER ITS US DOLLARS, ANIME GIRLS, OR DINWIDDIECOINS IDGAF**

- Allen's offensive repertoire has grown immensely since he first brought his fro into the league. He used to be a dunk or pass it back to a retreating guard player, requiring a reset on setting up the offense if he didn't get an easy look. Now, hes attacking Rudy Gobert of all players, showing off a hook, spinning to the rim, finishing through contact, and passing within the flow of the offense like a wing. To go 8-9 with no turnovers in this game is just bonkers, and the way he generated decent looks for himself out of no mans land for LeVert or Irving is just insanely valuable. Efficient Centers aren't all built the same, some are strictly role players, getting their shots off of other players playmaking, while others erase contested midrange shots and turnovers by finding space. Allen is in the latter category

- Luwawu-Cabbarrot's cutting is a legit offensive weapon that can be utilized when your offense isn't just ISO after ISO. He has great atheticism and body control to be able to change his angle dramatically in the middle of the air, benefitting off of defenders creeping up to deny the catch-and-shoot and giving the help defense no chance. We should see more of this for the rest of the year, not idle standing in the corner with an occasional screen

- When Caris Levert settles for long twos, he is a dogshit player. When he keeps attacking, hes a borderline All-Star. I don't know if hes timid from his injuries, but his lack of strong drives is apparent with his Free-Throw Rate this year. Once started driving, his slow start was wiped away with a phenomenal performance on both ends. LeVert's defense is dependent on his offense often. When hes frustrated with himself, he frequently has mental lapses, but when Caris is in a good headspace, hes a good defender. The Nets season is super dependent if he plays like the slasher he is meant to be in more ways than just his scoring efficiency.


- Bruce Brown is "Marcus Smart at home". He really has a high BBIQ on both ends of the court, making some nice hockey assists and initiating plays while forcing long twos on the other end. If he develops a three, he will make some serious cash, enough to make the SG equivalent of Shaq really mad about the money per PPG hes got.

- Taurean Prince (or Taurena) didn't shoot well, but this was one of his best games this year. His shot selection was fine, he'll do better than 33% with the quality of looks he got. But he played controlled within the flow of the offense, which is a problem for many hustle players. There's too many bad TOs and decisions to shoot the ball before its passed half court for him on usual nights. Those weren't there today. On defense he was his usual self: a tweener, but with some decent play overall.
this was a blessing in disguise for the Nets imo. Having Durant out made Nash experiment with new lineups and reap the success of guys like Bruce Brown.
caris levert heard y'all talking shit
Every Jazz fan saw this coming.  This is just what happens when the opposing team's best player sits.
Kyrie Irving!  Jarrett Allen!

I'm just as drunk as this time last game but significantly happier=)

There's so many positives to take from this game for Brooklyn.  And also DJ was there.

I like DJ, I just think he needs to be limited bench minutes.  Also, incoming hot takes about us being better without KD?

Jazz had a bad shooting night and Gobert, who usually *feasts* on Allen, got the tables turned.  A lot of people who don't watch either team trashing Utah now based on a single loss.  Typical /r/nba.  I feel for you, Jazz fans!  The whiplash from takes changing direction has been hard on us this season so far too!


On to the next!


Thursday, v. Philly!  Debut of the Nets 90s throwback jersey!  Debut of Richard Jefferson commentating this season!  I'm ready!

*Let's Go Nets!*

**BROOKLYN!!!!**

[](/BKN)[](/BKN)[](/BKN)[](/BKN)
First the Celtics and now the Jazz.....

Which other playoff teams is Jarret Allen tryna take hostage? 😤🔥
This was a game? I thought I was watching Nets highlights my goodness Utah
I know people will focus on all the role players, lineup changes etc., but I have to say that Kyrie Irving was absolutely PHENOMENAL this game. He came out on fire(9-9 FG to start) and set the tone on BOTH ends of the floor. He showed truly leadership and lead from the front. He also set up team mates and was supportive of everyone. One of his best games as a Net.
JA and Bruce Brown need to start after this
Why do we always play like total dogshit when other teams’ star players are out
Jarrett Allen is v good. They should be wasting very little minutes in DAJ, who is washed. It’s what they did tonight and that was wise.
Kevin Durant put up some scrub numbers SMH
KD was clearly the problem. Think the Knicks would be willing to trade us Julius Randle for him straight up?
Jarrett Allen about to secure his bag it's time
I’m pretty sure Shaq will add this game in his stash of porn
Jarrett Allen was absolutely insane this game.
Way to earn that contract gobert
Joe Tsai please deliver a portfolio full of Alibaba shares to Jarrett Allen’s house whenever you feel like it
Well, they make sure to rebound this game.
This game was close for a solid 3 minutes
It's about damn time
Steve Nash's secrit play : start Bruce Brown
I don't understand this team. the only constant has been a ton of turnovers which isn't a great sign
Boy. That one was a stinker.
Good team win! Kyrie was on fire, Allen is a stud, Bruce brown deserves more minutes. Very stoked on this win!
Damn. They gonna be mad tomorrow.
Rudy gobert $200 million for 10 pts/game lol.
Kyrie ended this game in the 1st quarter tbh
random unrelated thing but #WeGoHard sounds gay  


not that that's a bad thing lol, I like it that way
Jarrett Allen was a force today. Not a fan of the Rudy takes though, the guy gets postered frequently because he actually tries to block it- most other players make the ‘business decision’ to get out of the way :/
Welcome back Caris! 

What a game from the squad.
Damn, the fuck is up with all these blowout games? One or two is normal but the amount so far seems excessive this early in the season.
What purpose does DJ serve the nets in terms of actually playing basketball
better without KD confirmed!
The Fro was feastin tonight
How was the $200m man?
The 200M man got schooled tonight lmao
$200M

Rudy Gobert
this was like, the absolute best possible outcome for our squad
Hope DeAndre Jordan gets on foul trouble every fucking game from now on.
Bruce Brown is the Glue Guy
kyrie keeping that streak of over 25 going…be interesting how many of the remaining games they can win without KD….kyrie will likely aim to average 35 a game through this period I bet
Synder has got to run plays for Bojan.
When was the last Vegas got the spread completely wrong? Overreacted  to KD being out and the spread flipped to Nets +4.5 after opening -5
Jazz FO got duped Gobert is just tall
[deleted]
What's up with Bogdan
Prichard > Irving
Nets better without KD Confirmed
We really had this game in the bag untill he decided to not play
Kyrie and KD hate each other and can't play together. The nets need to pick one of them to build around and trade the other.

(This is fun I can see why everyone does it)
Weirdly could be accurate. Two superstars can be confusing to play with. Idk why coaches don’t just play each for 24 mins
I am way too invested in how Caris and Jarrett work out. I didn't watch 49 wins in two seasons with no pick for nothing, dammit!
And 200m center? 10 point 3-10 shooting lol
Tsai got the big bucks
Tsai’s surely willing to pay the luxury tax for this current team. Just need to get rid of Prince’s and Jordan’s contracts once Allen gets his pay day, although the latter could be tough for multiple reasons.
Alibaba stocks
Bird rights
Ship taurean prince to the fuckin moon
Hide the money in his fro
With Joe's money
Allen would look really good in Celtic's Green
Just make JA the all time starter and remove the timeshare with DJ.
I want to be paid in anime girls plz
File this game for evidence on why Jarrett Allen should start over Deandre Jordan
I too would like see see this man paid.
>I don't know if hes timid from his injuries, but his lack of strong drives is apparent with his Free-Throw Rate this year. 

Apparently [he was inspired to take more midrange shots because of the Last Dance documentary](https://youtu.be/AKDqtOeX85k?t=732).
You typed this all up before this post was made, didn't ya?
I’m always very impressed with how he plays against Rudy. Dude is legit
The tinkering paid off. Every nets fan was collectively saying wtf when we saw the lineup, but it worked out.
i think so.
Bruce Brown could be our poor mans Jrue holiday from what I saw tonight and the fact that he’s good makes the loss of Dinwiddie so much easier to stomach. Why tf was he not playing before
Reminds me when Harden was out and Eric gordon dropped like 50+ in you guys
You are a good dude. Nets looked flat out scary though with kyrie and allen.
Isn't DJ already playing less minutes than Allen already? And only have high usage against traditional big like Valanciunas because Allen got beat up badly down low?
Idk who's next, but that man is playing with confidence.
The jazz were also watching nets highlights
You can’t convince me that the Jazz were involved in this game. Just never happened.
I remember one sequence (second quarter?) where he was flying all over the place and falling out of bounds to save the ball. Very impressed with his (and KD’s recently) willingness to leave it all out there.
hes been amazing for most of his tenure man. im not even surprised when he starts 5-5 at this point hes had like 10 games out of his 30 with us where he is just absolutely on fire.
Kyrie low key is great at stripping the ball and getting steals on ball. This season he’s been doing more off ball in the passing lanes. It’s great
Hey yall beat up on the Spurs when 2 of their starters were out just the other day
They only did it cause he got 4 fouls in 4 minutes lol
I'm not sure the Nets have enough assets for that trade
Honestly not even that
I was really excited for the Nets super team this year but not when you play us >:(
Short offseason, short training camp, short preseason, no summer league. I don’t know why everyone is surprised that many teams/players are not playing at 100% right now.
the same thing you and I do, nothing.
Hey he got his 10 points!
How's your second year of watching basketball going?
Go talk about your own shitty team, I feel bad enough about mine
you are a professional hater. your post history is sad.
My goodness your whole comment history is full of shit takes. You really think that the jazz made a bad decision cause rudy has a bad game lmao
It's bojan damnit
if this was kyrie this would be a legit take right now.
I’m sure some coach did. Then they had a .500 record or worse and got fired lmao
Same. I don't care about KD or Kyrie I respect KD and Kyrie skilled but I care bout Caris and used to live in BK I just want him successful
Even worse, allowing over 60 points in the paint.
Hopefully he doesn’t go missing like the other guy.
yea i mean i don't think any of us would complain about getting Prince the fuck outta here but I feel like getting rid of DJ will be much trickier.
I mean Dinwiddie probably opts out, if thats the case than its just the need of dumping Prince
This is the way.
Only reason DJ is even on the team is cuz of Durant and Kyrie
I want to be paid in japanese adult models
I want Akame
Me too, would do everything to be paid in waifus.
I think that file is already full, sir.
Thanks for the link, pretty good interview. But Ruocco is now an enemy of the Nets as far as I care
I type up game notes as I watch. Helps my ADHD lol.
Reddit algorithm incentivizes pretyping comments to actually be seen
I hope we see more of Brown going forward
Nah, I was saying wtf because Brown hasn't played real minutes yet.
We don’t talk about that
In? That’s gotta hurt.
The chemistry with them two is even much better than Kyrie with his boy DAJ. Kyrie was trusting him a lot
I think he needs even fewer, though then I worry about him having time to get into the game and limber at his age and size...too much time sitting on the bench can ice him worse than a younger man.  It's a balance, I admit.  I'd like for Claxton, when he's healthy, to get a handful of minutes and take more burden off DJ.  But I'm no coach, just a fan throwing out notions that may be dumb=)
For rebounding purposes we need to play Allen. Allen saves our rebounding
the real test is coming up, joel embiid.
I swear every game I watch the Jazz play they're never the advertised elite 3p shooting team but brick everything. LOL
I switched the the Grizz Lakers game when I noticed the Nets were just scrimmaging against AI on easy
He was giving as much effort last season also. Then he got injured fighting for the ball against Beal. I can't help but hold my breath every time KD/Kyrie fall/land oddly. The more effort they give on hustle plays the more worried I am about injuries, sadly.
To be fair it's hard to know who the spurs star players are nowadays.
That's a fair assessment. You add an odd mix of rookies, g league guys and free agent signees who are used to running a different system and you have to get everyone on the same page. I imagine that takes some time.
I don’t think he’ll be in the rotation in the playoffs. At least when they play a real team. Probably be Jeff Green/Jarrett Allen/KD all playing the 5
Rim protectors that can’t guard all 5 positions are not worth 200 million. And if Gobert can’t lock down Jarrett Allen then he’s hardly even a good rim protector. He was always overrated as hell as a defender and can’t even defend elite centers. Jokic literally cooked him in the playoffs last year Gobert is worth 20 million a year at best. I am sorry that your team ruined their future by signing this man to that contract but you’re 100% in denial of these facts
Holy crap that’s sad
Fuck
Lol yeah
He defended China when the  Morey free HK stuff was happening so less likely he goes to re education camp
Mostly because he is friends with out headcoaches
Would Dinwiddie really opt out after his injury?
Yeah pretty much these. Even our 1st round draft pick center looked okay tonight. Meanwhile DJ picked up 4 fouls in 4 minutes smh
KD and Kyrie took less money so that DJ could be in the team. This two are below their maxes just so he can hang with them. Nets basically got DJ for free
To be fair he's a top tier backup c. But that's *all* he is
Whew.. I’m glad you clarified adult otherwise that might have come across as fetishist
All it takes is for Fate GO characters to be tradeable for real money, but ofc that won’t happen with Japan’s gambling laws
Wait what did he do
Reddit's default comment sorting option does that, Algorithm of any kind ain't doing nothing there.
I mean Gobert is a real test, but yeah Embiid is the likely MU in playoffs
I hope he destroys Embiid too. Partially to make Gobert look better... But also I just love Jarett Allen
Stop watching our games. Please.
Yes. A guard who has averaged 20/7 and is 28 years old will make more than 13 million a year on his next contract, provided he makes a full recovery
I still think DJ is good center, but I just hope when we get to April, May and June that the Nets know which Big to play more
4 for 4
2nd round center. Reggie was pick 57, we traded our first round pick for Shamet
Even when he's free I think he negatively impacts the team. Imagine how Allen would have developed, hopefully Allen acc taught him some stuff but I doubt it since he's lazy on the court
Not free, cause we need to start him.
Top tier is a stretch
I really just want to be able to see them in entirety without a pixel blur.
Applauded Caris for taking mid range shots, Im just joking though
Reddit's comment sorting *is* an algorithm tho. It's a formula, but an algorithm nonetheless. It's not just who has the most votes, but a heuristic statistical model.
gobert is not your typical bruising center. Jokic and embiid are two of the only ones left in the game. Id say vucevic and nurkic are also pretty good at it. Embiid has given allen a lot of trouble in the past, if he can hold his own against him it'd signal a huge improvement in his game. I do think we'll be seeing a fair amount of deandre jordan against him tho and i think it would be smart to throw out DJ for a good amount of time against him. Allen will likely get in foul trouble if he has to guard embiid for a long period of time.
> provided he makes a full recovery

Which new teams signing him will know... how? He's not going to play this season, then he has to decide to opt in or not. Seems much more likely he'll opt in for that last year, guaranteed money.
I feel like Nash playing DJ in the 2nd with 3 fouls was a scheme to get DJ to pick up the 4th so he could sit him for a quarter and a half and let Allen play without that timeshare cloud
It's not. He's a top 5 backup center.
I’ll develop a de-pixelizer app if you have, say.. $300 mil in venture capital?
Uncensored doujinshi brother, then again odds are you probably don’t wanna get your porn from comic books. Personally though I think it’s cool because there’s no risk of the girls being physically exploited
Fair enough. Tbh I’m not well informed in top level basketball, but I like the sport and seeing the NBA players do incredible sporting feats is fun. Like I don’t even recognize Vucevic and Nurkic from the names. Thanks for the info
He'll be a free agent. He can come work out and show them hes healthy. Lol
Subjective
With that kind of money, i'd just have several concubines lol
One already exists

...just incase you weren't joking.
It's not the same in practice as it is in real games. It takes time to be sure, no to mention the chance of re injury.
Who are 5 better ***backup*** centers in your mind?
And we’ve come full circle back to questionable statements lol
I mean, I’m not a developer. But I sure as hell would have learned for $300 mil
Dwight Howard, Marc Gasol, Robin Lopez, Brook Lopez, Zubac, McGee, R Williams, Favours, etc.
No doubt I would too my man.  Especially for something so noble :D
Some of these guys start, but fair list
Nets are good when harden doesnt try to be a role player
Not our fault the Nets have James Harden.
That James Harden 4th quarter takeover was so beautiful to watch.
That was the best defense we have played since the trade by a wide margin, and also the worst we played offensively since the trade by a wide margin. Also, JAMES HARDEN DID JAMES HARDEN THINGS IN THE 4TH. HALLELUJAH
Can we get a highlight of Kyrie’s hustle play in the last few minutes? Shit was nice.
We need Jimmy Herro and Bradley back right now or our seasons over
Bam has been such a bright spot in these trying times.
The last 3-4 minutes to end the game was superb by the nets.

They got their shots off with ease and played hard defense.

This team is gelling well!

Kyrie was the closer last game. Harden finished today.

Quite a scary team to play if they can continue to shore up their defense
JAMES FUCKING HARDEN
Bam got the monstars to steal Duncan Robinsons shooting touch and give it to him. Guys looking like a 3 level scorer jesus lol.
If you didn't like that well then you probably like basketball. 

Props to Harden for shooting in the 4th like we all requested on Saturday.
Good game Nets. I just want to say fuck Adam Silver and fuck the NBA. We got screwed so hard this season.
The final stretch by the Nets was fantastic. Harden was being aggressive and looking to score while still distributing well. Kyrie was taking a backseat and playing as the 3rd option. KD didn't really get much of the ball because he didn't need to. Good signs for the future of the Nets.
Nets really got 3 closers damn.
this game was a lot closer than the score indicated. Harden just went on a huge run at the end to carry us. we were absolutely dreadful shooting wise but our defense was at least better. Robinson 1-10 is surprising tho.
HARDEN HEARD YALL ASKING FOR AGRESSIVE
Didn't realize how brutal the schedule has been. The season started 34 days ago. We've played 19 games. That's crazy.
Probably one of the worst quarters I have even seen from a team. Sorry Miami those types of games are really frustrating. Prayers to Duncan Robinson.
Nets need a Draymond type player, they should go for PJ Tucker.
The Heat scored 14 points in the 4th, scored 5 points in the final 6:31 and made 2 field goals in the final 9:30. They shot 3/16 from the floor and 1/9 from 3 for the quarter in the final frame. Just a complete meltdown offensively.

EDIT: Yes the Nets defense was a huge reason for that but still, the Heat need Jimmy and Herro back badly.
what a horribly demeaning fourth quarter
Once the Nets get their Defense going they're going to be unstoppable.
Harden be like “I actually have to try again to win? Eh fine”
Everyone not named Dragic shot 5/34 from three 😐
This was a terrible game holy shit. Pretty much everyone played poorly except Bam, Dragic and Harden. Harden needs to shoot more on this team, I know he's trying to be unselfish but a tough shot by him is way better than an open shot by TLC or some of these other bums on the nets bench
The people saying Harden needs to be the ball handler and facilitator, might be the easiest way to find out who watches games and who just wants to hate either Kyrie or this team. Either way thank god he took over considering the rough game both Ky and KD were having. Defense looked great rotating and forcing out of the paint. Great win to build on going forward despite how ugly it was. Also I don't know what Bam is even anymore this dude is LMA, Bosh, AL Horford, and like Roy Hibbert wrapped into one weird ass amazing player.
A nets game in which both teams scored under 100 points? I didn’t think it was possible.
Heat got sloppy to the end game and it cost them.
85 against Brooklyn? Cmon Miami.
New York’s hottest club is the Barclays Center.

Club promoter and literal basketball genius Kai Irving is back and here to answer the question: “What does government mean to you?”

This place has is it all- honey buns, burner accounts, 0 head coaches, a house made of Duncan Robinson’s bricks, and Scary Hours.

...What’s Scary Hours?

You know, it’s that thing that results when a team once again trades all its future picks and assets for a disgruntled and rotund offensive juggernaut to pair with a top 3 player and Kevin Durant in order to be hated by all.
Make Harden the ball handler already
KD shot was awful all night long cant remember the last time he shot this poorly

Harden finally aggressive he needs to be the 2nd option and look for his shot more
 Brick three went to big three for one quarter and it's over smh. Heat completely lost it in the 4th
Harden needs to run with KD and Kyrie needs to be option 3 and run the bench. Makes the bench stronger in D and Harden can set up KD and not get doubled constantly.
that stifling Nets D holding the Heat to 85 points...
Heat go 11/43 from 3 and 4/33 from players not named Dragic and Bam. 

There’s your ballgame.
Heat shot 21/81 from 3 the last 2 games...
What the Nets pulled off in the fourth quarter reminded me of the super team-era Warriors, where you’d take a leak during a close game and come back to find the game out of reach.

More of that please.
If Harden plays aggressive and dribble penetrates all game no team is beating the Nets, except maybe the Clippers.
Best game we've played all season defensively
Nets finally showed up on defense in that 4th.

Harden took over in that 4th, but all of the Big 3 contributed. 

GG Heat bros.
I just want my team back, man
Ngl watching dragic pullup for 3s while the Brooklyn paint was wide open kind of got me heated
I was so ready to give up on the nets and now it looks like Harden finally clicked


Nets are capable of that 2018 warriors sytem where regardless of a team part under performing you always got somebody to pick up the slack:

If kyrie cant be kyrie then you still got KD, if KD cant KD then there's still Hardern and so on
Nets finished the game on a 17-5 run.
scary hours
James Harden needs to shoot more than Kyrie
Its kind of crazy how this team can play pretty mediocre for 3 quarters then completely light the world on fire in the fourth.
Ok, so based on my statistical methodology that I call "Checking the Box Score for the lowest point total of the last game" the problem on the Brooklyn Nets is clearly... Kyrie.
Meyers Leonard gets paid 10m to occasionally shotgun a beer and yell.
Has Haslem played a single second yet?
We're the Heat bad offensively or the Nets good defensively?
Loved K Nunn last season but he just isn't it right now. I can't stand watching him dribble for 16 seconds just to take a shot only MJ could make. I think he's a good player, but he needs to be told to try to work with the offense more. 

Also if you told me a year ago that Bam would be the best player by far in a game with KD, Kyrie, and Harden, i would've laughed in your face. I can't wait for this squad to be fully healthy. But GG nets see you in the ECF
that was a really weird game.. it felt super close in the 4th but then suddenly Harden took over and Nets just went on a 15-0 run. It was like watching the Lebron Heat teams.
The beard has steered the hours of fear.
I saw the game score heading into the 4th was really close. So, question, *what happened?*
Haslem is still with the Heat? Damn, that's cool.
Some Miami heat fan wanna tell me wtf is going on with your Team this year? (Other than the obvious Butler being out)
It's been awhile since KD was this cold.
Wtf happened here lol. I know the Heat have injuries but when do they start getting worried? And the Nets with some D finally. This team needs to make some trades tho
Might be time to hit the panic button in Miami. I know they’ve been killed with injuries and Covid protocol but yikes. They’re going to have to be damn near perfect once they get everyone back if they keep losing.
The big 3 didn’t even put up amazing numbers but still won and actually defended
The post game threads get thousands of comments when we lose
Is anyone impressed the Nets won these games when Miami is missing 3 of their best players?
reports of the nets defense have been greatly exaggerated
Avery and Jimmy come back on Wednesday idc about anything else gg Nets have your win
We gelling now. GG Heat!
Seriously aside from occasionally  hitting random 3 , whatelse Robinson is good at?  
Hes frustrating to watch, everytime someone steal the ball from him, he just gone shock and watch the worlds burn
#THE HEAT ARE HIGHKEY POO WATER NO CAP.
What happen to the Heat defending east champ looking like doo do.
THIS
Who would have thought, the secret to success is for stars to play like stars
It is your fault that you missed 60 3's over the last 2 games though
Really can’t blame you guys at all
I know a stripper who told me James hardens beard always smells like sour cream and onion chips.
It is your fault that Kendrick Nunn is still in the league
I wish he fucking took over on offense more. Let him run the offense for the minutes KD isn’t on the court. I’m tired of him playing like a true point guard and not an offensive hokage
We just aren’t good at all offensively without Butler and Herro they both do so much for our offense
honestly it would have been a great game for nets if KD wasn't so off today which is very unlike him.
Some heat fans really didn’t wanna trade Herro for Harden 🤡🤡🤡
This was the major key. James gotta take the handle and be the 2nd option don't worry about what Kyrie thinks. Take those damn shots man you can make most of them. If you defer its to KD only. Unless hes smothered.
He always chases his own shot which I really respect. Too many players just start strutting toward the logo whether it looks good or not.
not allowed
Flat earth man bad
Dude might be insane but he’s the epitome of a hustle machine.
Lmao dawg you can't ask people to prop up Kyrie here. I promise you you're gonna get some dumb shit on why him hustling is bad.
You also need Olynyk to miss his flight back to Miami
You definitely need them back sometime soon-ish for sure, but it's nowhere near that dire yet, even with the slightly abbreviated season. Despite today's loss, you're still only like 2 games behind 6th seed with a pretty favorable stretch in your schedule coming up after the next couple games. Still plenty of schedule left to play, especially when you've got one of the best HCs in the business.
Jimmy provides crazy good spacing with his driving hes missed for sure
I was thinking it's sad the way this is going after the postseason you guys had. Hopefully they all get back soon
I'm just a Thunder fan eyeing tankathon and Heat keep moving up for our pick, haven't watched you guys, why are they all out right now?
No no they can take their time.
i feel like these games are a good opportunity for him to practice being more of a go to scorer and he did extremely well against us. You can see the big time scoring potential. That huge block he had and then he ran the floor for a putback was nasty.
We looked amazing when Harden was engaged and running the offense. KD and Kyrie can play off of that so easily - hopefully he realized that tonight.
Team with three of the top 8-10 offensive players in the league is quite scary. 

More news at 10
I wouldn’t go that far yet. They have to be consistent with that end game performance, but’s a good start
Then again, any and every team can beat Bam and G leaguers, so are they really?
Fun to watch. Vintage takeover at the end
I mean bam has 7 threes in his career
What did the league and Silver do? You should be mad at Giannis for making yall front office think they had a chance at getting him and missing out on every quality free agent in the process lol
Robinson is playing more minutes every game than we're used to seeing. He even got more rest during playoff games. I think having this depleted roster for so many games (8 without Butler+Bradley, 6 without Herro) has drained him
Robinson had an off day and Bam and Dragic got fatigued from carrying the team. Vincent, Okpala and Olynyk just can't replace Butler and Herro. Getting Bradley back will also improve the perimeter defense. 

Herro and Butler average about 38 points a game between them with 30+ point potential each. Gabe Vincent hasn't scored more than 8 in 6 games and Okpala hasn't scored more than 3 points outside of 1 16 point game. 

Most teams look average at best when you take away their 2 best scorers and 2 good defenders.
With 2030 first round picks
PAWS OFF. PJ isn’t the same guy but he’s coaching TATE and he’s still a sniper. Unless we get a first we may as well keep him and have 9M more in free cap
literally the most unsurprising thing if you pay attention to who’s available to play

thats what happens you have to play g-
leaguers and worn down Dragic to try and get buckets
I'm so disappointed in our depth right now. I know we are missing key players, but the other guys have not stepped up at all. They have been horrible.
Bam doing it all from defense to offense.. tje Heat has no other option offense if DRob, Dragic and Nunn are not hitting any. Im dissapointed more on DRob, his 3 where hes only good at and cant hit any.. his defense was aweful, he just always stand and watching with no hustles. Nunn was playing like MJ who attack 2 players bigger than him.. what a dissapointing season overall
An open TLC or Jeff Green 3 is a good shot
Harden is definitely the best passer on the team. Nash has made him the main facilitator for good reason.
That's what happens when Bam Adebayo and Goran Dragic are the only ones who can score for the Heat.
Nets may have had their worst shooting night of the season
Stefon?!
He's literally been the main ball handler every single game he's played for BK.
20pts on 21 shots

Kyrie 16pts on 17 shots

Harden is the only reason they didnt  lose tonight, shooting 7/10 and adding 8 assists. 
I still think harden durant and defense would be a much better team than harden durant kyrie
Nunn and Olynyk holding the Heat to 85 points more like it
Holding the Heat to 85 points without Jimmy and Tyler, easily 2 of the 4 best scorers in the team. I wonder what would happen if you take away 2 of the best scorers on the nets?
thats... not at all what happened this game

man I feel like people comment in PGTs without actually watching the game

the Heat held themselves to 85 by having to play Nunn big minutes and by Robinson having his worst game of the season so far

nothing to do with the Nets D, which has proven itself to be possibly the worst in the league
...... Lakers?
I heard OKC has a Dort
easier when all the talent from the other team is in street clothes
That's the nets at times, everyone thinks they are curry
More like the '17 Warriors
Shooters shoot. In a shooters mind you're either hot, or you're due.
No. He gets like 5 minutes per year.
everyone except for Bam and Dragic were horrible today :/
both
I think the nets defense just kicked in half way thru the 4th
Harden decided it's his time to score rather than passing tbh.
Harden took over and Brooklyn played defense
Chronologically:

\- First 6 games: We were sloppy + Jimmy injured/missed games but we were .500

\- Played the Wizards: Our entire team (Bam, Jimmy, Dragic, Bradley, Harkless Nunn) is out with covid protocols leaving us with just 8 guys where Duncan and Herro have to carry

\- Go on a 3 game losing streak where Herro gets injured and has been out since

\- Everyone but Bradley and Jimmy return: We win two games, then lose three in a row to Raptors and Nets x2
Tyler Herro and Avery Bradley have also missed significant time this year. The team hasn't had a chance to carry the momentum.
They're missing Butler and Herro and just got Bam back a week ago
If anything they’re looking good right now. Bam playing like this means once jimmy and herro are back this team can be a real problem in the east once again
Tough when you’re missing your best player, beat perimeter defender, and leading scorer
They'll be fine long term.
Fucking moron
sounds like someone's still harboring some deep-seated hurt feelings after their gentleman's sweep this past summer LOL
Half of the talent on the team has missed significant time, the Heat haven't had a chance to gain momentum.
Lost two starters to covid 8 games ago, then lost another starter to injury 4 games ago. Our only regular starters on the floor tonight were Bam and Robinson.
I'd greatly appreciate james harden to limit his shots and focus on being a 3&d guy during a playoff series. 

Especially if kyrie has already ascended at that point in time and left behind this mortal realm to join species 8472.
And that Duncan went 1/10 from three this game
Maybe it was cause of Nets perimeter defense haha
Lmaooooo
Like you guys have Durant, Kyrie, and Harden this stuff is rigged I tell you.
He’s been playing good lmao
I appreciate him trying to get his new teammates in a groove but man I don’t need to see him passing up a 3 for a pass to Luwawu-Cabarrot in the corner.
Offensive Hokage 😂👏🏽
while true you guys did better against us last game. so there was some improvement. That being said if bam could please stop hitting fadeaway 3s at the buzzer thatd be grea.
Any fandom who didn’t want a trade for Harden if it was possible is deluded lmao
I can at least try to understand why a team would refuse to trade a young All-NBA star for Harden (Ben Simmons). But Herro has literally achieved nothing and yet Heat fans didn't want to include him in the offer.
This whole 1st option, 2nd option, 3rd option thing isn't a thing that exists in actual games. Neither coaches nor players sit there and hash out or even think about a pecking order, I guarantee that.

The way it works is that we have 3 dudes who can get their own shot anytime they want. The one that is the hottest or shooting the best at the time is the one who will take the most shots. Not sure why people think of the game this way
Harden playing passively has nothing to do with Kyrie. Like at all.
Kyrie haters need to cope. This is getting ridiculous
that's nonsense, there were many moments where Harden was open and decided not to shoot
true. he needs to be a number 1 or 2 option. dont know why youre getting downvoted honestly. these kids trippin
It’s called getting back on D
Y’all need a center you want him?
100%
Tbf olynk was the only player with positive +-
And getting to the line 10 times a game. That was important for us last year
He's also their best playmaker, best wing defender and best closer.

Like, imagine Lakers or Clippers record without LeBron and Kawhi. Lol
Jimmy and Avery got COVID, and Herro has a neck injury from the looks of it. Heat are very tight lipped on injuries
Harden realizes, don't worry. He didn't just forget he can score and then was like "oh shit, I'm good at scoring?" in the 4th. 

This is what you want.  You want to win now or in the playoffs? Harden is practicing getting it done without hard carrying. He's developing chemistry and finding his grove.
Really? I feel like the team was at its best when Durant and Kyrie were running the offense
[deleted]
seethe
For some reason the highest volume of Nets haters on this sub seem to be Sonic fans for some reason. Very strange.
And 2 of them were in the last 2 games lol
They made us play the Wizards game when they were spreading Covid. Caused Jimmy Butler and Avery Bradley to get Covid. After that they then forced us to play the 76ers with 8 players right after that. Causing Herro to strain his neck because he had to play over 40 minutes a night.  What the hell does Giannis have to do with anything?
bradley beal got yanked from warmups during our game against the wizards for contact tracing and didn't cancel the game, he was touching shit and shooting which then fucked our team up
I mean I am not trashing the Heat just mentioning that was an epically bad quarter of basketball.
BUT BUBBLE FLUKE
I think the thin roster is resulting in some players, particularly Robinson and Dragic, playing more minutes than they should and experiencing a loss of energy into the later quarters.
Nunn was looking pretty good I thought?
Our depth is good. Guys like Gabe Vincent would outplay 3rd stringers. Guys like Iggy would be outplaying other bench units. We’re missing three starters in Jimmy, Bradley, and Herro.
Dragic shot over 60 % this game. But yeah, rest of the team went a whopping 12 % from three. Mostly open shots too.
Duncan is having a great year so far and has been shooting well despite the fact that the team has had the roster fucked -- which affects him the most. Shooters are gonna miss sometimes.
An open Jeff Green shot - sure. He's making like 50% of his 3's so far this year. But for TLC, every good game he has is offset by 3 or 4 bad games in a row. I think they should try shamet again, or make a move to replace TLC because I can almost guarantee he won't be in the playoff rotation
No he hasn't, Kyrie has been taking the ball up way more than Harden with the exception to last night's game.
Harden goes off for 60+ like Bam did last game?
the kings are by far the worst in the league, its not even close.
Wow. Thats tuff. Hopefully the team can get consistently healthy to regain some momentum.
Thanks 

Funny name lol
Well they better hurry up than times running ut.
Exactly! Steve Nash should be fired for allowing Harden to shoot more than 10 times a game
Why is kd taking 21 shots though?
Gotta IP ban that guy so he’ll stop podcasting
It was the AMA
It wasn’t. He makes crazier shots all the time than the ones he took today. Super off night
It wasn't
Doing stop the cavs
Kendrick Nunn slander is so out of control for no reason.
Duncan went 1/10 from three that literally never happens
Bam looking like Dirk this season lol it's been crazy
Basically every team did this. Everyone’s drunk off of that 2015 homegrown warriors championship without realizing that almost every ring surrounding that one was won via star chasing.

But no one knows when to hold em. So they’ll keep on thinking they’ve got the splash bros plus draymond when they’ve got Deron Williams and Carlos Boozer and they’ll realize it far too late
there is an option system. wdym. theres your best guy. your second best guy. and the third best guy. when the game is on the line, you usually see teams have their best guy handling the ball. kobe, michael, lebron. you have the other ball carrier at times besides the primary one like cleveland with lebron and kyrie. have you even played a real basketball game? you have people who are better than one another and you give to the best when the game matters.  
  
people wouldnt talk about options if it didnt exist and all this batman and robin stuff. coaches do have a main man along with their team on who they want the ball with and james harden is clearly one of them and needs the ball in his hands and going to the bucket to score. and he shows he can work it with averaging 40 in previous season as well as beating the bucks and having a takeover in the fouth quarter. tf you talking about?
it literally does. if kyrie wasnt there, nash wouldnt want to hurt nobody's feelings and have harden be a second or first scoring option. but instead because theres kyrie and kd, nash is having the best scorer of the last three years bring up the ball and then pass it.?????
There is absolutely nothing wrong with chasing your own rebound
For rebounding and hustle, we could do worse. He wouldn't be involved in the offense anyways
not because of him tho lol
No thanks to him.
Exactly this. I read some reactionary takes about Harden looking washed lmfao.

Dudes just finding his groove and seeing what works with his new teammates. Can he put up 25 shots and drop 40? Sure. But that isn’t the point anymore
I hope so - this was by far the most aggressive he played in the last few games. Even if he was feeling out the other guys, he wasn't taking open shots either.
The offense honestly looked good either way but Harden is definitely the best playmaker out of these three so having the ball in his hands leads to better decisions. KD has been killin it but he's still a bit turnover prone with his handle and Kyrie is more of a natural scorer than facilitator.
It's facts tho lol. Miami isn't good right now, their defense has been bad and their offense has as well. This isn't a "coming together" moment for the Nets, just a win vs a depleted Miami team that's been struggling all season.
Not seething. Miami just isn't good, it's that simple.
Idk about other sonics fans but you'll find this dude on every nets thread for the rest of the year. He's dedicated lol
Ya. Both buzzers too lmao
Its just been a frustrating start to the season. They're clearly overmatched but the games are so winnable that you can't help but feel that they'd win with Jimmy or Herro playing.
He was so good he's getting 0 minutes as soon as one of Butler, Herro or Bradley is back.
With how the Nets have played so far, it's only a matter of time before they at least catch up to them, if not surpass them

Even then, being 2nd worst is not any better, it still eliminates you from championship contention
It's the Eastern Conference, they have time for things to work out.
What's Jim Boylen up to these days?
r/nba’s collective stupidity rubbed off on Duncan and he forgot how to shoot.
KD going 3-12 from 3 and 6-21 also almost never happens though. Especially this season. He literally missed 4 wide open 3s and blew three drives to the rim.
He took some very questionable shots this game too I thought. Rough night overall.
yeah so he normally hits 3 more? so 9 more points. would've still been a solid defensive game.
Happened earlier this season. I remember cause he’s on my fantasy team.
Hasnt he been off all year compared to normal?
I think its just that Harden has become severely underrated for his playoff "woes".

&#x200B;

Harden has more wins against the "unbeatable" GSW team than anybody else. If he choked because he didn't beat them then Dame and Bron choked too.
That kind of reminds me of when teams (not just talking about NBA, NFL does this a lot too) will value high picks over an established star. Like "Promising Young Rookie could turn into anyone, they could even turn into Harden!"
Heavily depends on the position, transition opportunities, and how the player feels about that shot (as in, whether it goes short and bounces back to him or likely goes somewhere else if it's long/just about right).
Depends on what the coach wants from the transition defense.
I mean if you don't care about transition defense then sure
He can't rebound lol
> rebounding and hustle

I think you mean forgetting to box out and falling down whenever he hits a full sprint.
I really respect this take. Harden is the best point guard on the team so why wouldn’t he spend a huge part of the game facilitating? Also if you’re the best point guard on the team and the people you’re passing to are joe Harris kyrie Irving and KEVIN DURANT I mean why would you fault the man? Happy to see him playing team ball without having to put the whole offense on his back
Maybe that's why. This guy has 100 alts 🤣
The Nets so far have beaten good teams and lost to bad teams. Their defense is all effort
Why does it matter? There's no head coach in Brooklyn
He honestly usually makes those
8.4 3PA per game and shooting 44% from 3 so....no.
Especially when you look at his playoff averages in the last three years. That Spurs series is not dying easy.
Heat really turned down having a trio of Harden/Jimmy/Bam, to let Harden join Durant and Irving in their conference
I also think ppl don't like watching him play, while also agreeing that he would raise the ceiling of their team
Do you feel the same way about Pat Bev chasing his shots?
it depends. sometimes when you're very off and you know where its going it can be a worthy gamble
They want an offense only center and say "hes not going to be involved in the offense" this shit is priceless.
Exactly. The Nets don’t need 40 ppg hard-carry Harden. 

They need facilitator Harden who gets timely buckets and can take over when needed. Now obviously he needs to put up shots if one of the other big 3 is out (first two games as a Net) but other than that he doesn’t need to do what he used to do for us when he was the whole offense
I don't? Lol, quit lying. This is literally my only account, unless you think that Zeech720 guy you see around is me, in which case you're dumb and gullible asf. He's a LeBron hater and I'm a huge LeBron fan, quite obviously a parody account.
The only good team they have beaten is Milwaukee and even that was cause the Bucks had one of their worst  shooting games of the season and the Nets shot fucking 50/40/90 as a team which is just unheard of and the definition of an outlier

Otherwise they have somehow managed to hardly win very close games against  bad teams (or highly injured so the version of a "good" team that they faced was actually garbage) and they have lost to decent teams

Nothing they have done so far as a Big 3 has been impressive, yet their defense along the way has been bottom of the league
Can I offer you an egg in this trying time?
Duncan is the maker of the most questionable 3s, all the looks today were makable.
I know but when he's not shooting well all game. I don't want any player shooting those bar like Curry.
Completely wrong
 The rockets didnt want Herro. They wanted Herro and eveything else and the kitchen sink.
There's a reason why NBA players don't chase all their shots. If they fail to come up with the rebound (which is the most likely outcome) they're woefully out of position on transition defense and are likely to give up points on the fast break. Maybe if the player knows which way he missed and there's no defenders in that area then I say go for it. Otherwise getting back on defense is better
We're just going to ignore Denver as a good team, then.
Just a bad day. He usually shoots around 50% but he has bad games. In 16 games, he shot 50+% 8 times from the court as well as from the 3 point line, going 34-54 from 3 in those games. But it's also his second below .200 game. But even in his cold games, he at least keeps a defender close to the perimeter and that helps the others.
Considering that the version of the Nets that won that game doesn't exist anymore, yeah we're gonna ignore that W
Casuals going by the narratives that fit their shit takes. Lmao
Casuals ignoring facts that prove them wrong
> Otherwise they have somehow managed to hardly win very close games against bad teams (or highly injured so the version of a "good" team that they faced was actually garbage) and they have lost to decent teams

You make a statement like this when the only teams the Nets faced post-Harden trade are Orlando, Milwaukee, Cleveland, and Miami. I'm not gonna include the win against the Knicks because they didn't even have Harden on that game.

They only lost to Cleveland so far. One team. So, what are you saying about them losing to decent teams?

Facts my ass. Lmao
You don't consider Cleveland to be a decent team? 

They've hardly beat bad team (magic, miami), and they've lost to decent teams (cleveland)
I hate Elfrid Payton.
Who tf is Reggie Perry
Knicks with the consolation win of forcing Nets to play Kevin Durant in the final minute
I wish this comeback came earlier but I appreciated that we fought til the final buzzer
Payton is literally restricting RJ from developing lmao pls stop playing him Thibs
Watching Elfrid Payton every other night is ruining my life.
Nets got 2 victories and acquired Harden, all in a 24-hour span.
I **REALLY** hope Thibs stops playing Payton, we started to come back as soon as he stopped getting touches in favor of Quickley
When you talk about a player who just goes all out to give it his all, you look at a guy like Bruce Brown. Just pure effort today.
That was the closest 20 point win I've seen in a long time
I defo want to see more of Reggie Perry
Nash was about to get his ass beat by KD for taking him out early.
Quickley looked nice and Barrett can be a really good player if he can be more consistent and not so hot and cold.

Credit where credit is due tonight, DJ has been not great this season but he was tonight
Shoutout to Quickley for a new nba career high! The difference in energy when he's on the floor is something else
Perry looked good on the defensive end tonight, but we'll have to see him against an NBA offense before we know if he can back up DJ
Julius Randle
Sosa, Fivi

Lookin' like KD and Bruce B
If our bench plays like that for the rest of the season we will be fine. Now if only we can play the Knicks in the playoffs.
Can’t believe Thibodeau really told his team to have 2 guys guard the inbounder and leave Shamet wide open on that last play
KD is just ridiculous. It doesn't make sense how effortlessly he puts up 25+ with crazy efficiency.
Payton. Please go, and stay go.
Good to see Toppin getting some quality minutes
Knicks fans. Why did Toppin play 57 seconds in the second quarter and that’s it?
tHe nEtS hAvE nO dEPtH. i'm not coping like the rest of r/nba, this is fucking bad
Why does it smell like championship in here?
kd's the best player in the league not named lebron
That was a good scrimmage, especially for guys like Perry and Cheese. Will need them at points this season more that what was initially expected.
This game was not as close as the score
You know who he is.

Jordan surprisingly not a negative this time. Reggie Perry is thiccc.

Anyway, Bruce Brown with 14 rebounds. Let's goooo
Knicks were throwing 2 players at KD everytime & he dissected that defense....imagine with not only harden it Kyrie
I was told we traded all of our depth. We had 7 players score 10+ and DJ had 9
"NeTs HaVe nO dEpTh"

lmao you're forgetting we created/found half of these guys out of nowhere. we can do it again
Well I for one can't wait for Saturday's game.
That best team in NY frenzy died rather fast lol
Thibs is still a terrible coach. He got this team playing hard but eventually they will start tuning him out and the offense hasn’t looked good
They really gave KD, Harden, smh.
thibs deserves this loss 100% hopefully this will teach him how to actually put out proper substitutions smh literally sees how badly payton is playing & still decides it’s a good idea until it’s too late & quickley does not have enough time to save the game
Watching Elfrid Payton makes me sad and not like basketball.  Like what does he do?  He's pretty ball dependent but hes neither an exceptional scorer or a decent playmaker.  He just dribbles the air out the ball into the paint and just kicks it out to get it back again and redo it.
Knicks it would have cost you 0$ to not sign Elfrid Payton. Randle is legitimately a better point guard than he is.
Nice to see our young guys producing, and Knox isn't a complete negative at least.
WE GOT HARDEN MOTHERFUCKERS
What did you expect would happen when we bring back the bubble nets plus KD?
Yeah see this Big Three isn't gonna work 2 of them didn't even play. (/s in advance)
Bruce Brown is good player. The Nets still have plenty of depth after trading for Harden. 

They'll also for sure pick up another piece or 2 in the buyout market.

And the future draft picks? Who cares. The window to win is now, draft picks 7 years from now don't matter
Okay, so we can all stop with the “Knicks are a playoff team, thing” - right?
Rj Barrett had a very pleasing bounce back game, to those he say he is a bust shouldn’t step on the gas to early
What does the Nets core rotation look like now?
Lol. Does this say something about the Knicks or more about the Nets depth?
People really thought we lost our depth because we traded our 6th man for a superstar and lost Allen who’s been playing half the time smh.
I don't understand why NYK is losing? This is supposed to be their year. Get it together Elfrid fuck sake
KD doesn't look super happy about the trade.
ditto. I'm happy Quickley iced him out for a few plays, its about time Payton got hit with his own medicine if you ask me

EDIT: just checked his contract and how tf did we give him a NTC (No Trade Clause)? c'mon Rose >:(
Quick needs to start. Thibby pls
Dah felt that
57th pick in the draft this year, looked good this game
killed us the first 3 quarters of the game. Looks like they found a good replacement for Jarrett Allen already
Had no idea who he was, assumed he was a 30-year old journeyman by the way he looked. Dude might be the oldest looking rookie in the NBA
That's [Reginald Perry](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/422089706990338050/796205489914118145/image0.jpg) to you.
That’s my guy
His name is Reginald Jordan Perry and he is a tough motherfucker
Former Mississippi State bulldog. Fun fact, I had a class with him freshman year. I was partnered with him for a writing assignment. Dude was 6’10. So scary when he stood up.
We almost threw an impossible to lose game. It was impressive.
I hope we put up a banner.
I mean the comeback happened because the Nets took everyone out and Thibs kept on try harding haha. I understand instilling good habits but forcing two players who already lead the league in minutes to play full court defense against 3rd stringers down 20 with 2 minutes to go is such a Thibs thing to do.
Quickley too
I missed most of this game. What is his problem now I was high on him early. Is it just his lack of shooting not allowing his game to evolve?
no kidding :(
Both against lottery teams.
RJ needs Payton off the floor tbh
I love when we have that type of guy on our team. Reggie Evans vibes
You sound like Chris Collinsworth lmao.
Brown was a great pickup for you guys.  He was solid on Detroit.
20 points aren't 20 points I'll explain later
Yeah he was nice
He ditched the 3 a bit in the 3rd quarter going to the pull up mid range and he was knocking them down.  Should really just focus on that in games and just shoot 3s in practice.  Sure take them once in a while but definitely not 5-6 attempts in a real game and making none at all.
Hot? He's like 10% from 3pt now.
Watching Elfrid Payton play makes me not like basketball.  Quickley is wild for now but at least he tries to do stuff while Payton is just out there dribbling the air out of the ball.
Indeed.
Aye aye aye
I think you mean quality minute.
He hasn't played basketball in three weeks
Did he do something bad in those 57 seconds?
1 minute restriction lol
If they get a good center we’re probably getting another GS Cavs. But ofc we could be wrong, just looking at the clippers last season and the Philly big three the season before that is enough indication
people really out here sleeping on reggie perry smh
Against the knicks though
Knicks are known for having their opponents shoot the lights out against them
Calm down it's just the Knicks. Say that when it actually happens against a playoffs contender.
It was against the Knicks though lol
I mean you guys almost blew a 19 point lead
That's why you are 7-6?
It’s one game lmao
Flexing over beating the Knicks.
Allen was one of the best bubble nets :(
We been knew the Knicks were frauds
How so?
That's just how he responds to every interview question. He actually smiled after he said he would talk when it was finalized.
I think it might be more about the Kyrie situation. He seemed happy about Harden coming over.
why doesnt quickly start? i thought he was playing well
Could be wrong but I believe the NTC was automatically given since we gave him 2 consecutive 1yr contracts (some sorta rule like that)
signing two one year contracts in a row gives the player a ntc per the current cba
Who wouldn't want to be traded from the Knicks?
How does Sean Marks do it every time
Nah Claxton will be. Teammates rave about him being our second most talented big after KD even when Allen was there lol
Dang, reading "replacement for Jarrett Allen" made me sad
Pretty sure Nash was about to get jumped heading to the locker room if he didn't put KD in and keep him in at the end.
tru but one of the reasons we were down was because Payton was jacking up terrible floaters that had no chance of going in, and as soon Quickley comes in he scores a bunch of 3s and actually reduces the deficit instead of extending it. Hopefully Thibs takes this as a clear indication that some changes need to be made
>	I mean the comeback happened because the Nets took everyone out and Thibs kept on try harding haha

Haha maybe don’t pull your starters so early haha
Hes just bad all around.  Pretty ball dominant but hes neither an exceptional scorer nor a great enough playmaker to warrant letting him be a ball handler.  He just dribbles into the paint with his below average handle then just kicks it out only to try to get the ball back and do it all over again.  No off ball skills either because hes a shit shooter and but isn't even slasher.   He is useless without the ball nor does he do much with the ball except for running the clock.  Wouldn't be surprised if he's out of the league after hes done with the Knicks because what skill does he have that can help the team?  Defense?  Its alright at best and certainly not good enough to make up for the fact thst hes a negative offensively.
Nuggets are a lottery team?
Mf really said nuggets are lottery teams
Nuggets are a lottery team?
Why is everyone with a sonics flair a troll
~~everyone~~ needs Payton off the floor tbh
He honestly preforms better when Payton isn't touching the ball. Even when he was struggling all the times he scored was when Payton was either on the bench or frozen out.
Now I can't unhear it
He looked really solid against that cardboard cut out of Nerlens Noelle.
Nah I'm talking about Barrett going crazy in the 3rd and invisible the rest of the game.
yes
not that i know of
we're good defensively fym
Almost only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades
With our starters on the bench for the last few minutes until literally the last possession
I know the Timberwolves fan isn't trying to throw hands.
What does that have to do with anything? Kyrie hasn't played in over a week and Kd missed the entirety of last week the fact that their 7-6 is good.
KD and Kyrie have both missed time due to COVID and the current debacle.
Takes time for teams to gel, I have no doubt that by the end of the season the nets will be a well oiled machine.
You’re a wolves fan, lmao
Make the playoffs twice in a decade first before y’all talking

Edit: r/NBA talks about how soft NBA is but is mad at friendly bantering lmao
Couple of close loses that ended up not going our way,and KD was out for Covid reasons for a week as well.Also Nash was experimenting with rotatioms a lot since we were quite deep.13 games is not a large sample size either so I am not worried at all.
Chiozza has stepped up almost everytime we call him to the plate. He's shown a lot more than just one game. Still, guys like Perry stepping up and playing good minutes is encouraging from him - he's looked good in his other minutes too. Fans are allowed to be encouraged about their team dude
So mad all over this thread
I mean we're missing Kyrie, Harden, and Spencer lmao yea I'm flexing our bench playing at the level of the Knicks starters. They're 5-7 and been playing hard
His facial expression looked like mine when someone brings up politics at Thanksgiving.
I am as confused as you are tbh.
He was building up a lot of momentum and it made Payton step his game up, so now that Quickley went into a tiny bit of a slump it gave Payton a bit more of a lead back for the role.
He’s there to provide that valuable veteran leadership ^tm
That's what we've been wondering as well.
Yeah I saw something like this when we first resigned him
Not every time lol, Musa heading back to europe
Met him before.  Hes super quiet but respectful.
It is unreal. We were all so hyped for him. And now he lives in Ohio 😔
It's gonna take time getting used to :(
Yea Quickley looks solid. I cant imagine how he feels watching Payton brick floaters while Quickley's floater is just butter. Although I do think Payton is a better defender.

I dunno if it's because of the personnel or if it's the scheme but it seemed like the Knicks had to scratch and claw for every point that wasn't a RJ or Randle iso. Like you'd watch the Knicks fight for 18 seconds for a hard earned basket and then the Nets b-team would just pass it around a bunch of times and jack up an open 3 within 8 seconds. The play styles were so different.
Oh for sure I wish there was a camera on Nash when our rookie Perry missed BOTH free throws

In a weird twist, Nash gave our young guys a chance to learn how to end games cleanly and feel the pressure, and Thibs kept in the vets and made them go all out the last two minutes haha
They are in pain so they release it as a troll
[deleted]
yup
Yeah, that's interesting.
Knicks and streaky SG's, name a more iconic duo
Sure, but that could be a problem. You guys had to put out the only star you guys have available and Joe Harris out there after they were done for the night just in case you guys blew it
If your bench couldn’t hold a 19 point lead with less than 2 mins left the we actually have depth argument isn’t valid. With Harden and Kyrie maybe you guys have a 40 point lead where the depth argument wouldn’t matter but that got too close for comfort for your team.
They're 7-6 regardless of what team you're a fan of.
So you can't disprove that the Nets were meh so far so you insult my team. Real classy.
He's flexing but the bench so far hasn't contributed to many wins.
Your bench still isn't very good.
How is that relevant to your team success?
holy shit a lakers fan defending us
yeah lets talk about previous accomplishments when context is current season
Coming from the city who stole a team and all its first championships
This is the worst fucking take and I absolutely hate it.

So you can only talk if your team, which cannot be controlled by you, does well?

I don’t agree with the guy you’re replying to but your comment shows more of you than that guy.
Lakers couldn’t make the playoffs until Bron came around. Matter of fact they couldn’t even make it until Bron made another superteam.
Because being a Timberwolves fan somehow changes that the Nets are 7-6 so far.
Our depth is fine. Chiozza is not
Imagine being happy you beat the Knicks by 5 points  😂
They not doing any of this against good teams. Good job beating up on Elfrid Payton and Quickley though.
This made me laugh and I don't know why
resting ugh face
still regardless the final minutes of this game should be proof enough that Quickley deserves Payton's minutes and touches
But he somehow traded him for Bruce brown who killed it for us today
This is either the truth or the lowest effort pasta of all time
They sent this man to the gulag for Harden. I mean I get it, but damn 😞
Quickley is no slouch defensively either.  Also the points Payton saves defensively doesn't cover the fact that hes a negative offensive player.  Time to dump him and just roll with Quickley for better or worse because there's no upside with Payton.  It feels like the team plays better without him.  Offense flows better without Payton dribbling into nowhere despite not being an exceptional playmaker or any reliable scoring ability.
That just makes them a smart troll.
No Kyrie and no Harden this game. It means nothing
Nash rookie coaching mistake by pulling the starters out a little too early. If he had waited even one minute for us to get another bucket, we'd have pushed the lead to 15 at the time, and that would have been more comfortable imo
We’ve beat every top team we’ve played, Celtics, 6ixers, nuggets, etc...
They are meh. Even with all 3 players they've got like 2 seasons to prove themselves and season 1 is already looking iffy cause Kyrie doesn't even look like he wants to play and Harden is weird.
I feel like shitting on a team that has been missing both stars is kind of pointless. Like we get it they lost games but we all know why it happened, no need to be pedantic.
We have 3 roster spots and a DPE to use - this isn't even our final roster.
That user is always on this sub talking trash about every team and then he deletes everything if he starts to get downvotes. Oh and if you diss the lakers he will go off on you.
It’s literally just friendly banter. It’s really not that deep lmao
Rare W
Spent a good amount of the decade not in the playoffs yet still came out of the decade with 2 rings. 

I’ll go cry in championships
For a 3rd string PG, he’s been just fine.
Yes he is. He does his job very well.
It was 18 with 3 minutes when we pulled our starter

But you clearly don’t watch basketball
That's fine, they won't need to. We'll have Harden by then.
The Nets have actually played to their opponent. They've played better against good teams and have folded against teams under .500 (excluding tonight)
[deleted]
We’ve beaten all the good teams we’ve played and only lost to bad teams. (Sixers, nuggets, Celtics, etc...)
You would think so.  Quickley in has led to a few comebacks already, clearly they play better with him involved.  But Thibs sticks with closers over starters.
Bruce Brown with 2 games (back to back at that) of being a killer 

Now if we can get a big man
Not only traded him for Bruce Brown, but in that same deal, got us Shamet and...would ya look at that...Reggie Perry.
For reals though.  A couple years ago before the season started, Claxton (who I think was a rookie) and Wilson Chandler stopped by my job because we had a specific machine the Nets wanted to use.  I thought it was weird because why didn't they just use this at Hospital for Special Surgery.  HSS is one of the biggest orthopedic surgery hospitals in the country.  Athletes go well out of their way to get their stuff done there.  We had someone from the NHL stop by our place after his surgery after going to that hospital.  Its also where KD did his Achilles surgery.  It just surprised me that the hospital didn't have this machine but whatever.  I caught him on the way out and said hi and he said hi back.  Coworkers said he was the typical awkward kid (except hes like 7ft tall) but was nice.  Pretty much the only day he came.  Chandler did pop in a couple times though.  Also super quiet and said hello to me once and it was awesome because I loved him when he was on the Knicks.  This was around the time he got popped for his PED suspension.  Sister who also worked with me said she kind of lost some respect for him because he showed up in those nice Ugg slippies one day.  Iirc, LeVert was supposed to come but just didn't show.  Obviously no pictures because of work and I didn't wanna get yelled at.
👊SHUT UP!
Lmaoo
Yea a Quickley - RJ - Knox (?) - Randle - Robinson line up seems ideal.
So how is it relevant that I follow the Wolves then?
I know but he's acting like DJ hasn't been washed for the entire season and the last...
And the MMLE
We're not talking about your future hypothetical bench but the one you currently have
How is it banter? You are deflecting from Nets being meh to my team being bad. At least I'm not a bandwagon fan.
Mickey Mouse tears
Yeah third string. But I really don’t feel like he’s one of our quality role player guys
Yeah yall had to put KD back in at the end because your bench isn't good and blew a huge lead. That's the point.
Yeah they'll be more overrated, but still the same in terms of strengths and weaknesses.
you’ve already got reggie perry
we dont need 1st round picks lmao. JK but marks will need to prove he can do it without firsts cuz we legit wont have another for 7 years.
Honestly yes because that would actually give them decent spacing.  Quickley is coming along and Knox so far has been hitting his 3s and been good defensively.  Bullock has been pretty spotty lately and the only other viable shooter is Alec Burks who's been out for the most part.
DJ is hated by our entire fan base. We never brought him up as part of our ‘depth’ just that he should be a back up
I mean, the current one has played literally one game and they still looked pretty good. They just put up a solid performance against a scrappy Knicks team. 

I'm just saying that our bench will be bolstered by more signings.
I’m not a bandwagon either, I made a harmless comment how y’all never make the playoffs. Did it hurt anyone? No.
He hasn't been given the chance but I think he can be. He's not turnover prone which is a huge bonus for us
Good thing NBA benches don’t close games out unless its a blowout then
The bench helped build that huge lead in the 2nd quarter. KD was put back in to make free throws
And Nic claxton. Who is looking like discount Bam
> marks will need to prove he can do it without firsts

Already has once lol.

Even taking into account the picks in the trade, I dont think its nearly as bad as the flashy dramatic headlines make it seem when you break it down. This year is the first swap and barring some combination catastrophic injury to either KD or Harden and Oladipo somehow becoming even better than his 2018 self, we wont be picking higher than the Rockets so thats not even part of the picture. Then 2022 we have Harden/KD and Kyrie (if he gets his shit together) all under contract the full season so again I think it will be a late pick. Nothing. We win a championship the next 2 seasons and its all worth it, you wont hear a word about the trade after. 

Summer 2022 KD and Harden both have player options so if they both decide to opt out and bounce, sure it may look bleak. But as of now, if they both happen to opt out, we only have Kyrie, Harris, and DJ under contract for 2022-23 so we'll have cap space to either sign guys then or worst case scenario, do what made Marks so great the first time he inherited such a situation and use the cap space to absorb bloated contracts and acquire picks. 

Its really 2024 onward (which is 2 picks and 2 swaps) thats really concerning but as I said, if Marks crawled us out of the hole we were in before he got here, I don't think the potential hole we could be in down the road can be nearly as bad and thus I trust that this will not end up anywhere near as bad as the aftermath of the Celtics trade.
The nightmare scenario is Durant harden and kyrie leaving in 2023. If that happens we have 5 unprotected picks outstanding and we'll be in the same exact situation. 

If Durant and harden reup for another let's say 2 years well be fine. If we give up 2 unprotected picks well be ok. 

The issue is this team might not be able to stay together more than 4 years with the outrageous luxury tax that will start
Theres no scenario where they all leave for nothing. First thing Marks will try to do is get them to extend their contracts next season so they never hit FA. And if they dont do that and its looking like they might leave in the summer you trade them to teams they might re sign with and get picks and young players back.
[deleted]
Caris is gonna be big for Indiana when he’s able to play
This the ultimate example of “not as close as the score indicates”
Pacers being held to 94? Light work for the best defensive team in the NBA
losing by 10 when it's 62-30 at the half is a kind of weird moral victory
I love the Levert postgame reunion.
This final score is 100% representative of the game. Trust me. The Pacers were right there all along and just didn't *quite* have enough to get over the hump. No need to fact check.
GG Nets Bros

That was bizarre and let’s not do it again
The whole damn team hugging Caris after the game :')
Definitely took our foot off the gas in the 2nd half but you live with it when you have a 32 point halftime lead. DeAndre looked really good in that first half
Oh baby we finally got a blowout win where my heart did not hurt. FEELS FUCKING GOOD MY GOD.
pacers under .500

that's not good
I liked that Kyrie was attacking the rim more today.  I will take that over his turnaround fadeaway midrange jumpers all day.
Tough when you only have 4 of your 5 team USA members available. Gutsy win
If pacers were under .500 coming into this game, they would have smacked us by 20
Kyrie is good player
Kyrie after affirming that the nets are against the referees gets 17 FTA lol league is soft
I'm not having fun watching this team lately.
Is Shamet now not terrible?
How is no one talking about DeAndre?? He was amazing this game, it was by far his best performance of the season. If he can keep up this effort we’ll actually have a great chance on defense.
Damn apparently people really don't want the nets to win
Pacers fans, please fill me in on what's happened to you guys over the last month that you went from 8-4 to 12-13. Were there injuries/Covid or was it just a hot start?
Hate this fucking team
One thing about always being under the radar, is that you get a lot less shit when you end up under .500 after 25 games
how come harden isn't going off anymore?
That FT discrepancy is all you need to know about this game. 

Pacers 40 points in the paint, Nets 44. Pacers 11 FT attempts, Nets 35. Almost all of Nets FT were warranted, there was just no calls for the Pacers. I’m fine with calling a tight game (would rather let players play though) but this was disgustingly one-sided. 

We looked ugly as hell in the first half, but a lot of those misses should have led to FTs. I get it, small market vs East Lakers, Pacers W ties both teams at 4. I wasn’t expecting a W, but I hate seeing 2 playoff teams face off and the game gets completely thrown by the refs. 

On a lighter note, Irving and McConnell were out there playing NBA Street and everyone else was stuck on 2K. Irving was smooth as hell, McConnell was just wildin’ on some of those layups.
I'm tired.
Indiana outscored Brooklyn by 20 in the second half and still lost by double digits lol that’s wild
the 1st game in NBA history where both teams wore the same jersey patch (Motorola)
Don't let the score fool you, it wasn't even close.
Harden and Kyrie all star starters
Jfc why did I decide to use the Pacers flair this season
Least they ended the steak but still waiting for them to go on a big run.
Against all odds Kyrie managed to pull the Nets through. They only gave this man 17 free throws smh, the league really doing the Nets dirty.
Wtf is this score... I saw them down 36 points with 33 points at like 9 minutes left in the third?
Yeah tbh at this point if you beat the nets you’re a bad team and if you lose to them you’re probably guaranteed a playoff spot
Pacers been a dark horse for the ECF. 76ers vs Pacers would be a fun series
Ehh it was basically two different games, the Nets just happened to do a bit better in their good half than the Pacers did in their good half.
I mean, they did allow 64 in the 2nd half lol
Pacers have completely collapsed for no apparent reason.
I love caris.
Ahh I didn’t see nothing 🤐
🙏🏼🙏🏼hoping caris drops 50 for you guys multiple times next season. He is a hell of a player & i think a future allstar
Only won by 10, doesn't count
dude what it was only 10 points not even a blowout smh
They should have gone under .500 before playing the nets!
 his fadeaway jumpers are legitimately efficient shots.
More FTs than the entire Pacers team, and then some lol.
Genius move really haha

R/nba was clowning all of Kyrie's quotes from last night mercilessly, but the entire team showed up today, and as "soft" as it is to call out reffing and pretending like the Nets are some kind of underdog, it worked. Kyrie and Harden lived at the line today, and a lot of those were pretty ticky tacky calls that so far this season Kyrie and Harden have not been getting.
Him and Harden a combined 27-27 from the line lol
The refs never give him fouls either tbh.
Basically three issues all at once: there is a Victor Oladipo sized hole in the offense. The entire offense at this point is Sabonis and Brogdon, and Brogdon is in a shooting slump, and finally we are without T.J Warren and the guy we got for Oladipo (LeVert) literally has cancer.

We are cursed
He's primarily being a facilitator.  His shots have gone down.
he did it for 8 years and hasnt won a chip. let him try something different
He’s going off in different ways. He’s coming close to a triple double for us on most nights. His facilitating is next level.
Help
You can never quite tell how these things shake out
22* but yes
Don't worry fam as Pacers fans we have the ability to swap freely between our Pacers East and Pacers West flairs without any criticism.
I love the day after he complains about the league, he gets FOUR TIMES more FTs than he averages and the Nets get 26 fucking free throws in the first half.

Fuck this league man. I'm salty as hell lol.
No you didnt lol it was a 18-20 point game starting the fourth. The pacers cut it to 14 that second half and then when time elapsed the g leagers were put in.
Well the nets were up like 14-16 when they pulled their starters. So the margin was closer to that
Turns out teams try a little less when you're up 30 to start the 2nd half lol
Think it's the big minutes from Brogdon and Sabonis catching up to them. We also lost Oladipo for nothing until Caris comes back. Both those have resulted in Brogdon and Sabonis forcing bad shots the whole time. The bench has generally been good, it's the starters who are playing bad right now
Score did not indicate this game lmao. This was not close at all.
We were up 30 at one point and kept the score hovering over 16 most of the game. The pacers started to score more when the game was pretty much ending lol.
Any game where the starters get to sit with more than 2 minutes left is a blowout imo
Did you watch the game?
I didn't say they were inefficient, did I?
Thank you for the actual answer instead of just downvoting me for asking a question.

I thought Turner had been better this year though? Or is that just on defense?
Kyrie assisted more and scored better this game.
[removed]
uhh what you mean "no you didn't". He said 36 with 9 min left in the third....which is exactly what the deficit was at that time.
I shouldn't need an /s, JFC
Yeah haha I saw the score was 62-30 at the half, just kidding
No, I'm an r/nba commentor. I don't do that.
cool,it seemed implied to me.
he has been better at both ends of the floor in the system(and i didn't get a chance to watch this game) but him only getting four shots up is classic myles turner bullshit
Turner is in a weird spot. He definitely has an impact but there is sort of a psychological aspect of it where I think he expects that he should be getting all-star votes. I don’t really know how to describe it but I think he’ll have a bigger impact after the all-star break.

I hope that makes sense haha
Well yeah, expect that to happen. Someone will go off for points over the other and the other will feed them. Harden is literally their best rebounder and playmaker, and his scoring could go off anytime
I don't know how I'll recover from this burn.
I read it wrong actually - but i think we were still up 18-20 going into the fourth. But this game was not close. It was closer when our third string guys got put in... wouldn’t say a complete blowout tho
I thought it might have been. But the Nets over reactions from this sub put me on alert lol.
No, I think he's *more* efficient when he's aggressively attacking the rim.  That doesn't mean his fadeaways are inefficient.
I can't tell if I should be interpreting that as Turner thinks he's better than he is or what. If you wanna try to re-word that I'm all ears. Or I guess eyes since I'll be reading words, not hearing them.
True
This article does a better job at explaining Myles than I can: https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/myles-turners-game-has-evolved-the-box-score-doesnt-know-it-yet/