genuinely pissed off at the Kings here. how fucking bad can you be to get dominated by a Pistons team without Jerami Grant? Not to mention you let cojo drop a 24/7/4 line on you. Actually pathetic by Walton. Man should not be an NBA coach.
How do you lose to the Pistons by double digits without Jerami Grant playing?
The game where mo harkless randomly decided to do one of the craziest dunks of the season
Hayes was great tonight. He should've had several more assists and his defense on Fox was key.
Why does Luke Walton have a job? Dude is a joke.
I like Sacramento's announcers. Dire performance from the Kings tonight though, sheesh.

Rookies looking sharp, but I will be so sad if this team doesn't pick top 5.
Killian Hayes looked great tonight. So happy for him.
Five straight losses for the Kings since that one guy posted about how they haven't had a 6-game winning streak in over a decade.
YALL LET CORY MOTHERFUCKING JOSEPH DROP 24/4/7 LMFAOOOOOO WHAT?!?!  THIS IS WORSE THAN THE BAGLEY PICK
Kill me...

I just want to watch my team lose with young guns learning, scoring, making mistakes...

But no, all i got is Cory Joseph show, single handling stoping our choking.

Fuck man, let me lose, Fuck Blake Griffin too
Doug Christie is our color commentator and supposedly our homer voice. He was straight up fed up with this teams fucking awful play and effort. You can hear him try to control his voice from yelling "Pick him up full court!" Or "Drive to the fucking basket!". If our to be star player Fox plays with no effort, he ain't the leader. 

The team lacks a vocal team leader just to swear at them every 30 seconds. I'll do that shit for fucking free at this point.
Luke Walton decided to fix our team by benching Tyrese Haliburton in favor of Moe Harkless. I don't ever want to hear anything about how Scott Brooks or anyone else is the worst coach in the league as long as this dumb fuck is our coach.
This title sucks.
Reminder the Killian "Bust" Hayes had the highest +/- in the game. Granted it was against the garbage ass kings, but beggars can't be choosers
i hope the harkless dunk gets some recognition cuz good lord
[I WANT TO GET OFF MR. WALTON'S WILD RIDE](https://i.redd.it/69nfhyragzq61.png)
Could’ve won $2k tonight if the kings would’ve just won this game wow
https://i.redd.it/adlt9s1xr2s61.jpg
As I said in our game thread, I hope the pistons realize that CoJo is their franchise and build around him accordingly
Cory Joseph revenge game
Joke's on you, Detroit. We traded CoJo who wasn't actually our tank commander. It was Luke all along! ☠️

Someone end me, please.
No grant or plumlee either sheesh, fire Luke walton
What an embarrassment. Nothing else to say.
Im going to puke
Walton definitely got money on Edwards to win ROY
Arizona-- come get your boy.
This is legit first win I'm pissed about. No Grant, no Plumlee, so in theory Pistons should be less competitive, but they win lead by Corey fucking Joseph and Saben got 0 minutes. Just don't play Joseph rest of the year.
Why win?
As a Knicks fan watching Fox storm off like a little bitch gave me life.
My version of Junior wouldn’t stand for this
wow I wonder what it’s like to lose a game you should’ve won
How does Isaiah Stewart look this year? He played at my college and he looked good but really limited and basic, but I couldn’t tell if it was the coaching and role he was in. When he got picked 16th or whatever it was I was incredibly surprised, I was expecting him to go much later. 

How is he doing? Jaden McDaniels is playing far better than he did in the year at UW so I’m wondering if Stewart is having a similar season.
Kings, have you considered trying not to suck?  
Honorary mention to John Wall And WB but Luke Walton is the MVP of The Great Tankathon
I was annoyed he got traded, I was hoping he'd get bought out and we could get him as our backup PG, but now we have Teague I guess...
No Grant, no Plumlee.
[deleted]
yeah and then they were down double digits half the game like whats going on
Bro do you know who we are???

This is what we do
Don't play defence.
Kings are bad
This is the Kings you are talking about here
Whats worse was it sparked nothing within this garbage team. They legit gave up
youre not wrong, but this roster, in general, is a joke. They don't fit together.
Agreed for both points.
> I will be so sad if this team doesn't pick top 5.

I'm choosing to channel all of my "lottery is fucking rigged" energy from past years into my expectations and pretend that regardless of where we end up, the league will rig it for Weaver this time because he picked GREAT last draft and if he were to succeed in rebuilding a playoff team in two years the league would want that to be the model for anyone else to follow. 

Plus just statistically we HAVE to move up one of these years
Stop stop they’re already dead
Dude looked like Kyrie out there 😭
Revenge game. We all saw it coming
Why the fuck did he do that lol
He played 31 minutes to harkless' 20
One too many "the"s
4k for me. kings last leg of my parlay and was spid enough to believe they would win Piston key players not even playing
whyyy
He's been awesome for us. His defense and rebounding is super solid. Motor through the roof. The most surprising thing has been is shot. Suprisingly smooth and has some 3 point range.
Best big from the draft class
I thought Pistons getting Stewart at 16th was a very good pick. I remember when they were both in high school and Wiseman was the no. 1 draft prospect, Stewart dominated Wiseman in a Nike tournament and his draft stock rose to top 10 or something crazy.

To me Stewart looks like a solid fundamentals guy, but I haven't watched him enough to have an opinion on what his ceiling might be. So far he's had a very solid rookie season, so I guess he's having a similar year to McDaniels?
Top 10 rookie, might end up being the best defender in the class
Bruh WHAT
Our defense in general is fucking horrible. Our guards let everyone and their grandma's in the paint, our center is undersized as fuck and does the dumbest fouls, if your gonna foul, fucking foul them.
Stewart is the truth. He’s lowkey better than Plumlee already.
I think it’s kind of amazing that a team can be both this close to .500 AND have one of, if not THE worst defense of all time.
The starting 5 of Hield, Holmes, Barnes, Fox and Haliburton has a net rating of +8.9 in 400+ minutes. So I don't think it's fair to say the roster doesn't fit at all. 

Bench is abysmal some nights, coaching/defense is terrible every night.
I’d start Fox, Buddy, HB, Mo, and Holmes. Have Ty be my 6th man and run the offense for the 2nd unit. Whiteside should get more minutes but unfortunately his IQ is even lower than Walton’s so no fault there.
Joerger had a younger, worse roster than this but nearly made the playoffs
If we get hosed again in NBA and NHL draft lottery I will cry
Trying to put Barnes back on the 3 spot since Grant was out. But deciding to never run the Barnes pick and roll. We run it maybe 3 times a game, other team can't stop it, let's never do it again. Fucking Luke.
Because he's Luke Walton
Fox clowned them for getting the 8th pick. And their fans have been really fucking salty against him, which is fair. Came out of nowhere.
First off — fuck you too lol (why’d you delete?)

Second — he said some lame shit when we got the 8th pick last year.. soo fuck him.
It’s the worst in the league right? Idk about stats but theyre def the worst i’ve seen
And yet you guys blew us out 2 weeks ago.
Weaver went crazy this draft and I fucking love it. Bey and Stewart so sick for mid round firsts!!!
Our fans are being very optimistic about our new GM. Despite him starting his first year of having the worst defensive roster ever.
I'd start Fox, Davis, Barnes, Harkless and Holmes. Let Halliburton and Buddy come off the bench. Buddy's defence paired up with Fox lack of defence in the first three quarters has been disastrous
Nearly made the playoffs isn't exactly what happened. They were 9 games behind the 8th seed.
Walton hates PnR? Well at least he's got that in common w/ Kerr.
what he say also i didn’t wanna be disrespectful j for a basketball opinion 😌
It is indeed 30th
I’m sorry but not selling high on Barnes was a braindead move. FO was too caught up in the very recent hype to look at the bigger picture.
Okay, sure it wasn't *that* close. But we still overperformed expectations and were near .500 with a less experienced, less talented roster. There was an obvious difference in coaching styles and in results between Joerger and Walton.
I would’ve respected you more if you left it... the state language of New York is disrespect.

Just Google “De’Aaron Fox and Knicks.” ✌🏽
Yup
FO wasn't caught up on "hype"

They are desperate to get swept as the 8th seed. They will do ANYTHING because they think that's the only thing the fans care about

The only way to save this franchise is to draft an all star, and by not tanking they ruined it again
eh he barely said anything if u hold a grudge for that it’s kinda wierd
no toxicity smh gotta be nice instead of being aggressive
especially happy thoughts cus my team j lost to the fucking pistons jesus fucking christ
Yea man our last 13 years have been the same shit.

But to be fair, y’all already drafted an all star in Fox
It’s not really a grudge just some shit talking.. you know like you saying “fuck you” as your initial reply lol

But you’re committing a lot of energy to this thread. GN.
Fox ain't quite there yet

He goes off half the time but his FTs and general shooting are not reliable yet, and his defense is not too good either
i need to commit all of this negative energy to something non negative so i don’t break my laptop cus jesus christ i hate this team
23% of the Pistons’ wins this season have come against the Raptors
Lmao the Raptors got rolled by the Rockets and the Pistons... all 3 of us are down bad dw tho
Damn and the Raptors had all their main guys too wtf
My man Hami with a great game.
Someone please get this Raptors team a map because they are LOST
Nick nurse don't even care anymore
Sorry Detroit, we coming for that 15th seed
Hamidou Diallo and Saddiq Bey are so fun to watch.
Death. Taxes. Dwane Casey owning Nick Nurse.
The crazy thing is if Killian comes back and even remotely plays close to his potential, Pistons might have legitimately went 4/4 in last years draft.

Saben Lee has came out of nowhere for me. So excited about this team
I'm just glad we can help some other struggling teams get some wins this year
I don’t understand why the raptors are struggling so much on paper their team looks good smh
Lowry hooping like he put in his 2 week notice lol
*The Toronto Raptors (18-29) defeat the Detroit Pistons (13-33) in Tank Bowl, 118 - 104
Nice to see Hami play well, I miss him already
This hurts our chances of making the playoffs.
We are so bad
Lol raptors
[deleted]
Just give OG and Flynn more touches.
[Raptors and Pistons have alternated season sweeps for the past 4 seasons. ](https://www.landofbasketball.com/head_to_head_gl/pistons_vs_raptors_game_log_season.htm)
Lol the pistons shot 50% from 3
Oh you thought the tank ran out of diesel? Nope, just stopped in Denver for some preventative maintenance.
I hate Raptors, fucking our chances at Cade
We've given up 110+ PPG in all but 1 game in March. It's not a suprise we havent won much lately
Are tank flairs available now? just asking for a friend.
Way to win Pistons, you idiots.

God, I want this season to be over.
What do you say we both just forget about this season raptors fans?
Thanks for nothing Tampa.  You guys are killing us this year.
We trying our best to go get Cade. Pistons are a bad matchup cause they got big dudes and we are so small.
Raptors bandwagon is damn near empty..🤣🤣
Pascal Siakam is sooo overrated. Super inefficient and vastly overrated defensively. He was invisble again tonight except last 6 mins when Pistons were playing their bums/didnt care. He is Raps 4th best player making max contract. He never should have been All Nba 2nd team either. He had 20 fantastic games at beginning of the year and was very ordinary after that not to mention terrible against good defenders/teams. Receiving MVP votes too was absolutely ridiculous. He was not even the most valuable on his own team and is not even close this year (OG, Lowry, and arguably FVV are all more valuable to the team this year). The canadian media and announcers desperately try to hype him up non-stop.
Were really doodoo huh?
lol siakam
Raps playing non-existent defense tonight
Raptors going full throttle Fade for Cade
3-0 against the Raptors, 10-33 against everyone else. Amazing
I remember back when the 7 win Bobcats had 2 wins against the Raptors.
We're officially getting clowned by Knicks fans 🙃
The Raptors are single handedly ruining their chances of getting Cade
Thank you Pistons.
May the best tank win
Is it fair to say you guys have it the worst? Losing 20 games in a row is brutal.
This is a pitched battle for the tank.
Yeah bro. Its rough out here
Well when Baynes is still getting minutes something's bad.

Honestly I think even just keeping Ibaka would've been a very noticable difference. If we don't sign someone good this off season it's gonna look like a really big mistake to let him and gasol just walk. 

But hey they're gambling on getting a good free agent and I respect that over keeping an aging Ibaka taking up cap space. But damn Ibaka was so good for us.
He was Diall'd up
He was cooking us all night
Would you? The FO has made it clear that winning isn’t a priority this year. We don’t even have one player to play the Center position and just traded our most efficient offensive option. 

If I was Nurse I woulda checked out as well.
He loves this gets to play baynes more
Noo that 15th seed is ours
This is two years in a row he's swept em, right? I love it.
Death. Taxes. Pain.
We had a good draft after a long time tbh. Bey has been my favorite but all 3 apart from Hayes (due to injury*) have shown a lot of promise. Beef Stew has really grown on me. Saben has been a revelation. None of us expected he had this sort of a game in him.
that's a big if. i'm just happy if at least saddiq bey becomes a star.
Unfortunately, we've got no depth, our C rotation is non-existent (Boucher is better suited to be a PF due to his size), and Siakam/FVV/OG aren't fully recovered from COVID.

This team is top-heavy but losing multiple key contributors since the championship season has caused a ton of issues.
Our bench is full of non-shooters & we don’t have a starting quality centre & as far as we can tell, no move was made to acquire one at the deadline.

That ontop of playing 72 away games with essentially no fans in attendance + being hit with COVID DNPs during our best chance of turning the season around has killed us
He missed yesterday with a sore foot, I'm sure he's not feeling 100% one night later
Hoping he comes down with Fuckthisitus and we can just have him play assistant coach.
He was expecting to get traded to a contender so it makes sense
Idk if thats fair. He's coming off an injury.
But improves our chances of getting Cade.
Thank you, I was wracking my brain last night trying to think of a Mobley rhyme.
Not Flynn please. He’s been pretty bad.
From the bottom of my heart i just want to say fuck all ya'll now no one gets to be happy.
Celtics fan? Tatum been looking real nice too lol?
He was only -1, he's had far more lol worthy games than this one.
Stings, doesn't it? I don't feel nearly as bad about being bottom of the table as a I do about being below the Knicks.
We're gonna finish last in the division. From first to last in one year.
And increasing ours 🥸
But increasing our 2nd round pick! Keep losing dino fucks!
Losing to the team that lost 20 in a row didn't feel good either.

Like fuck I had low expectations for our season but man I wasn't expecting us to basically be ready to battle for a lower sees lol.

If this were WW2 the raptors would be a Tiger tank at the moment
We've got no depth anymore unfortunately
We'll make you work for it
2nd time in 3 years since he got fired. 

You guys swept us in 2018-19. 

We swept you guys in 2019-20. 

You guys swept us in 2020-21.

Our teams haven’t split a regular season series since 2016-17.
Most NBA fans would wish to have a life of a raptors fan last years tbh
We lost the battle, but we'll win the war on June 22nd.
Death. Taxes. Nurses strike
Bey has ki8lled us every game, dude hates the Raptors.
That’s no excuse to being swept by a team of literal rookies though. Most of these guys are college age
We're a contender ^for ^cade
Expecting? Maybe. But it’s been reported Kyle was fine staying. He never even requested a trade, he was just fine with us trading him if the right deal came along. 

If he did request a trade he wouldn’t be a Raptor right now.
Both the FO and him probably expected him to get traded.
Nah. He could have just asked to leave and the FO would accommodate him. He didnt mind staying.
Well we very clearly aren't a good team right now lol. Might as well just let lowry chill out and get the young dudes some real time to work on their game some.

We really have nothing to lose at this point besides a higher draft pick
Nah I’m happy, we have your 2nd round pick so the more L’s you take the better our pick gets ;)
I am not actually. I just live in Canada and am force fed this Pascal hype. Also Tatum is shooting like 10% better from three and he takes much more difficult shots from everywhere on the court. His defence is noticably better than Siakams too. Face it ur boy simply isnt that great and never was (other than 20 games to start last season). If you think Siakam is close to Tatum you are either blind or not very basketball smart.
NBA Champs to tanking in two years

We Cleveland now boys
Don't feel bad, one thing has been proven, Toronto, Houston and Minnesota are all capable of losing a game whenever to whoever.
We do have a 5 game lead
Oooo we taking turns, spicy!
The contrast from our winning culture over the last 7 years to how our team plays this season is a harsh reality to cope with for some.
Every fanbase says this about Bey lmao. He pops off very often
i mean no one wanted to give up too much for a potential rental u know
Exactly
hey no
Tatum isn’t a better defender? Are you blind?
I think something similar happened to Dallas too
Can we start a petition to play 10 more games against y’all
Bro im cruising to the lottery. We've been spoiled
I haven't watched a ton of the Raptors this year, really very little period, but what I did watch, the schemes were still great and the players seemed to...know where to be. Somehow they'd still be bad, but I don't think coaching is the issue.
He seems to hate us and Boston the most.
Yeah, they wanted to trade him but not for scraps
Dude...if you think Siakam is better than I just dont know..Everyone (okay 90%) other than Raps fans and Canadian media and announcers will say Tatum is better. Did you watch the Raps/Celts playoffs last year when he was clamping all the Raps and Siakam could not lock up anybody? Man you must love listening to Jack Armstrong and Matt Devlin praise Siakam..🤣🤣
So what you're telling me is that in seven years we'll draft our Luka right?
For real, after Bosh left, I thought I'd never see an ECF appearances in my lifetime, the past 8 years have been incredible.
Weak bench and no center (unless you count baynes) is the biggest reason for this failure of a season.
We got a big hole at the 5. That's pretty much it.
sure but im sure philly didnt wanna give both maxey and thybulle and the heat didnt wanna give up robinson and/or herro u know
He played ass in the bubble, won’t deny it but you’re tripping if you don’t think Siakam is a great defender lmao. He’s been feeling it a bit this season though considering him & Anunoby have to body up Giannis & Embiid types because Baynes is useless lmao.
Some 6th graders gonna take over the league in a few years, none of us are ready
The summer bosh left was so depressing. We were real lost under colangelo
He is a really good defender just not some "elite or all nba" level defender. OG is their "elite" guy and FVV is better on that end too.
I didn’t say Pascal was better than OG tf?? I’m probably one of the biggest Anunoby fans on here aahahaha
 I know I am just saying the Raps media and alot of  fans call all the Raptor players "elite" defenders while that simply isnt true.  OG- elite (probably all nba), FVV-borderline elite, Pascal-good, Lowry-good (too old and getting slow).
Please just let me tank in peace
Troy weaver is 4/4 with draft picks anyone care to disagree
Killian looked really comfortable running the point inn the fourth. I hate it when KOC is right, because he is full of himself, but Killian is going to be a good pro.
No one can out-tank the Cavaliers

Also, JB Bickerstaff is the worst active NBA head coach and it isn’t even close. No excuse for falling behind 32-9 to open any game.

Especially not to a team missing Grant, Plumlee, Joseph, Doumbouya, McGruder, and Dennis Smith Jr.
SADDIQ BEY
Stoked for the W, but seeing that leg kick shooting foul Prince had on Bey was just sad. Can’t believe they reviewed that and still determined it was a foul.
Should've won that game but whatever. Fade for cade I guess. Credit the pistons for winning that game without their starters.
Can't play 3 rookies huge minutes and expect to lose. DEEEEETROIT BASKETBAAAAAAALL
If we played your vets in this game, 100% se lose this game
Cavs tank is picking up space
What a long ending jfc
Bad win for Detroit there
DETROIIIITTTTTT BASKETBALLLLL
Fucking Cavs.
Who do we pick with the 6th pick? Fml
how was sexton not an all star smh
Cavs shouldn't even get a draft pick, they fuck up every selection anyway
https://youtu.be/-MaCJZIBKGs
Don't mind me just whistling.
You're playing way too many good players. Need to start coming up with some fake injuries and "resting"
Killion looked so good in the 4th

Glad he looks solid since he’s been back
He was amazing when he was here, knew the Pistons got a good one when he took his talents over there. Still sad he left us :(
Hayes Bey Stuart, who am I missing?

Edit: Lee. Yeah what a solid draft record
Your young guys looked super solid is that just this game or all game they’re like this
As long as he's not the best prospect in the draft he can still be wrong. I hope he's right.
Luke Walton would like a word
I was wondering what they were going to do on that one

He definitely made contact w Saddiqs leg but Saddiq also kicked out his leg a bit. The problem was that’s saddiqs jumper, he does that every shot. I’m guessing that’s y they kept it a foul.

Idk tho, I was surprised they kept that a foul
Honestly no. Winning close ones with all your rookies is good experience for them and helps their development. Realistically we still finish 3rd worst and have a tie at best odds.
 cause this team is trash
???  
2018: 8th pick sexton. 6th pick; mo bamba. 9th pick; kevin knox  
2019: 5th pick garland. 6th pick; jarrett culver. 8th pick; jaxson hayes  
2020: 5th pick okoro. still early, but opi toppin was picked 8th who we were rumored to take.  
like, i know the sentiment was like that before 2016, but we've had shit luck in the last three years and still managed to get quality players that have a floor of being productive starters in playoff teams. still have a lot to learn from Masai/Bobby who manage to strike gold with prospects at the end of the first/second round or undrafted though.
Aren't the Raptors overall historically bad at selecting in the lottery?
Two words: Andrea Bargnani.
Cry
Show us on the doll where Lebron hurt you...
Jerami Grant and Mason Plumlee weren't even playing tonight :'(
We've been resting all of our vets recently
Thank you thunder bro we’re trying to be okc East now
Saben Lee 💪
It's been pretty consistent lately. Killian came back looking much more comfortable. Stew and Bey have been good all season, but have stepped it up lately.
He hilariously has a better win percentage than Bickerstaff even if you toss out the interim stint in Golden State.

JB is that bad
I agree, I just think calls like that discourage players from trying make great defensive plays. Perimeter defense is already fairly difficult as it is in today’s game, no reason to make it even more demanding.
Orlando is very close to us and OKC is tanking on an unmatchable pace. We're realistically looking at 4th or 5th at this point. Hell 6th if Cleveland keeps doing their thing.
Cant tell if you’re talking about the Cavs or the pistons
I was actually having fun watching them at the start of the year, with everyone healthy and with Drummond playing.. I was actually becoming a fan of their team.. then the injuries happened and they decided to bench drummond indefinitely (imo a total shit move) and their team is so much less fun to watch.  It is fun watching them lose now though, cause I'm salty that I got somewhat invested in them lol.
Masai has drafted pretty well. BC not so much.
It's always a Raptors fan lol
I think your vets are worse than your rooks lol
I definitely agree stuff like that shouldn’t be fouls

I think they should redo these perimeter foul rules quite a bit

I was just going off how they call it
We just have to hope the lottery gods respect integrity.
We are 2 games up on both of those teams. Relax for now, are you really going to doubt Weaver if he picks after the top 5?
Oh Cavs 100%
Funnily enough, doesn't he have a much better record with +20s picks than in the lottery? Like how he drafted Poeltl 9th and Siakam 27th in the same draft. Altman has been drafting very well the last couple of years. Masai isn't the guy that drafted Bargnani nor Altman is the one that drafted Bennett.
Besides Jerami Grant, I think most of us are gonna have to agree with you.
lmao besides grant, you are absolutely right
It's gonna get real weird when we really decide to tank and all of our young players are on the injury report.
Only 0.5 up on Orlando. This team has been playing better recently. I really am preparing myself for 6th or 7th pick after the lottery
Yes, because the difference between top 5 and the rest of this draft is enormous.  That's really what this is about. Once you drop to 4th, you only have a 55% chance of picking top 5. It's basically a coin flip that you're out of the top 5.

You know how I'd feel really confident with Weaver's draft? If he's drafting with Cade or Green on the board.
Jak was a good pick. Nothing wrong with him, serviceable starting 5.
There are always other options. If warriors get Wolves pick at 4/5 they probably look to move that pick for win-now players like Grant. Who knows.
Raptors could've used him this season.
Didn’t see a post game thread (probably for a good reason) so here we are
Oh yeah. This happened.
Killian Hayes 👀
4th pick of the draft finally playing like one
great W
Don’t try to out tank us.
Killian is such a good passer
Holy shit 15/21 who is this kid
Josh Jackson is balling
*Sees Pistons won*

Me (in my head): *Alright, how much did Sadiq Bey drop*

Surprisingly (suprising to me) Josh Jackson was the leading scorer
Jahlil Okafor sighting
Tank Wars
Killian Hayes out there trying to save O'Conner draft board
Tank Bowl
This game ended like 8 hours ago
This is how you get Cade. I love it
The game ended now?
YAS KING
Yeah the last thread got deleted
Killian was 7th but yeah ur point still stands.
THE WAR TO END ALL WARS
Isaiah Stewart, he's a beast. Averages about 7 points 6 rebounds and 1 block on 58 42 65 shooting splits. He only takes 0.5 threes per game, but his pick and pop mid range game is really solid. He's also a physical presence with an incredibly high motor whenever he's on the court.
Baby Ben watch TF out
Really happy to see Josh Jackson balling out for you guys if only because as a secondary Grizzlies fan I really wanted Memphis to re-sign him. Also because he was pretty polarizing over in r/MemphisGrizzlies and honestly I just wanna be able to tell the doubters who didn't want him back despite the clear need for a big scoring wing who could also play defense next to Ja and JJJ that I told them so.
Stewart was the MVP this game though, no doubt.
Nah it’s been like 2 hours
josh jackson
Lol my dude he got it right the 1st time.
[Music that best describes the tank war](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Db1fj2pRFu8&t=35s)
He's not athletic enough to be as good defender as Ben imho, but he should be much more diverse offensively, also I think he will be better offensive rebounder then Ben, but he needs to work on his defensive rebounding.
Oh shoot my bad.
If your team hasn’t lost to the Pistons, your team
Isn’t good
Pistons are a pain in the ass lmao. Saddiq Bey is something else
[deleted]
Hell yeah we're a contender!
SMH, all these weak teams ruining our tank
That’s what you get for employing the bold strategy of playing Detroit with a winning record
Hard fought game, everyone should grab a towel because they just got Pist On!

GG Celtics.
NBA RUNS THROUGH DETROIT
That’s gotta be an all time great rookie shooting night for my guy Saddiq

Edit: Looked up games of 80% shooting, 100% 3pt, on 5+ 3pt makes in a rookie season, and 5 games popped up. Make it 7 3pm and it’s only Saddiq. What a night
2021 Detroit Pistons: “Call an ambulance! BUT NOT FOR ME!!
Who's next to be baptized by the fucking pistons???
Pistons doing hell of a job at tanking. Bad enough to have a good chance at top 3 pick, but can turn it up can play competitive versus top team to gain experience for rookies
Detroit is just jerking the league for a 2004-type run lol
The end of this game took a fucking age
If the Pistons beat your team, you should take it as a compliment.
Pistons Wins this year against 
Boston x2, Suns, Miami Heat, 76ers, Lakers, Brooklyn nets
Detroit the best 7-19 team of all time.
The final 36 seconds of this game took up 15 minutes of real time. Absolutely riveting stuff
Gey for Bey
God damn I love watching Stewart and Bey, two rookies just embarrassing other players so far this season
The Celtics are a legit .500 team because of the depth. They need trades ASAP
Pistons said, look at me, I’m the contender now.
Robinhood of the NBA.
HOLY SHIT, Detroit being the KRYPTONITE against the top teams this year wow
2 of our 7 wins are against the Celts.

Celts are trying to screw us over by getting us a lower draft pick. Pretty sick stuff.
Perfect season for detroit fans. Fuck up the contenders while tanking
STOP LOSING TO US YOU CELTIC FUCKS I WANT A BETTER PICK
2021 Pistons > 2016 Warriors
The 2020-21 Detroit Pistons are the best 7-19 team in the history of sports
Villanova boy fucking Boston. You really respect it
lmao Saddiq Bey Ojeleye'd us
Saddiq Bey is a baller. Best draft pick we’ve had in a long time. I’m really liking this competitive tank thing we’ve got going on.
That was the slowest finish to a game I’ve ever watched

Also why does this Pistons team play this Celtics team so well? I think 3 of their 7 wins came against Boston
They can't keep getting away with this!
Saddiq Bey has shot a combined 12/15 from 3 in both Detroit's wins vs the Celtics.
 
I called the 1st game a fluke. I will never go out of my way to disrespect Saddiq Bey ever again.
Philly v Pistons in the playoffs Round 1.  Pistons by 4 or 5?
Bey is NUTS bruh
Man I was really excited to see my guy Pritchard get his 1st career start and than I saw his stat line….pain
If you wanna get to the finals you know you gotta get through the pistons first
Celtics championship contenders confirmed
Refs tried as hard as they could to let the Celtics steal the ball in those final possessions before calling the foul.
Celtics used up all their 3 pt shooting vs toronto
The league **actually** runs through Detroit
Pistons are the best bad team since the 2017-18 Nets
I like that we've gone to some line up with Griffin at center, yes he won't protect the rim at all, but at least we can play a bit quicker, and don't have to overhelp knowing that he can't stay in front than most 4's
If the Pistons can just make it to the play-in tournament, they’re going 16-0 in the playoffs.
we are inevitable
Guess you can have some things in Detroit.
lolceltics
Pistons outplay the Celtics? Zzz old news by this point!
NBA should allow Detroit to trade their opponents on the schedule with other teams. For example, the next game on Sunday, they can offer the pelicans to OKC for the Bucks. If allowed, Detroit will make the playoffs and win the title for sure.
Look LeBron who’s the champion now!?
Sigh, good job Detroit. Saddiq went off on us
I love josh green and happy he's on the mavs but bey is a beast.
I really need to start placing bets on the Pistons against the top teams. 

Bookies will probably favour the opposing team due to Detroit's poor record, but holy shit we are fucking kryptonite against the contenders.
Detroit turns into 2018 Warriors against good teams lol. The Cs bench production was so awful and none of the ball movement from last game was their. Also Brad running Teague and Carsen at the same time? WTF
I have no idea how Milwaukee hasn't fallen to DET. Lotta close games tho.
I 100% believe the Celtics are losing on purpose so that Sixers fans can't list those games against them as "quality wins" in meaningless debates, and no one can convince me otherwise.
Bay had 45 threes this season, 14 of them are against us in 3 games, which is fucking hilarious considering the Nesmith pick.

The offense was just terrible, Pritchard finally had a bad game, but even with the Jays scoring 60 it was just plain bad. But hey, Kemba should be benched amirite? 

Not that it’d have mattered, but I have no idea how the Josh Jackson foul on Jaylen wasn’t a Flagrant 1.
This team is so flawed. We need so much more talent. 

Tatum and Brown need help or these guys are gonna leave when those deals are up
Are Pistons good or not wtf
Pistons don't fuck around
The Celtics have had 6 first round picks in the last two years. They directly used 4 of those picks. They used #22 last year to offload Baynes, get Carsen Edwards at 33, and #30 this past draft. #30 this past draft was used to offload Kanter and get some seconds. All those players combined gave the Celtics 3 points tonight. It was an off-game for the team but that's definitely not ideal...
Can a Celtics fan educate me as to what the point of Grant Williams is? What is this guy meant to do well at?
Pistons are never gonna lose again huh
This is the most confusing bad team I think I’ve ever seen, we’re in bottom five record wise I believe, yet we always beat above .500 squads...

Confusing this is
My man Saddiq can’t miss, as a \V/ fan this warms my heart.
Celtics fans in this thread are so reactionary. Coming off a west coast road trip, on the second night of a back-to-back, missing Kemba and Smart. Smart drives us all nuts when he throws up some questionable shots but I think the time without him has proved how valuable he is to our team. He just makes game winning plays and we’re definitely missing that.

Don’t get me wrong, Detroit outplayed us and deserved this win, but I’m getting kind of tired of the cycle of “Ainge needs to be fired, Brad needs to be fired, [player] needs to be traded”

Tatum-Brown-Kemba-Smart have been on the floor together 2 games, and both of those Kemba was on minutes restriction so they had to stagger minutes and Smart got hurt in the second game. They literally haven’t been at full strength the whole season. I get it, we’ve been inconsistent (because we’ve had to rely on a bench of a rookie and role players), but we’re in the 4 seed at the moment. Celtics fans gotta relax.

Saddiq Bey played a hell of a game too
[deleted]
I really didn’t need this
Yuck
Wow, Ojeleye and Pritchard used up all their powers going from 24 and 20 on the Raps to 9 and 2 on the Pistons 😅
We put the D in domination , sonnn
Pritchard v Toronto - 6 for 8 on 3PA. 

Pritchard vs Pistons - 0 for 3 on 3PA

As a Raps fan, feels bad man
https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/lbg8xs/paul_george_as_good_defense_we_played_all_night/glvweps/

Wonder what this troll u/Tegline will come up with as an excuse now.
dammit!
oh shit
FUCK
The best worst team!
agree
Oh shit, we beat them twice. Explains a lot that is happening recently...
The Celtics are among the worst teams in the NBA. Congrats to Detroit but it's not an impressive win.
and if ur team has lost the pistons, while losing a shit ton of other games ur team isnt good either.
You don’t know how much our sub wanted him. Then we traded for RoCo so it was never done.
Saddiq Bey? More like Saddiq Klay
The fact that he dropped to 19 in that weak draft shocked me.  6'8 guys with his defense, athleticism and 3 point shot don't just grow on trees
We've had the celtics number this season which is fun
Who
One of his worst games this season. He finished with 15, but I attribute that to him mostly not getting as many calls as he has been and missing a few shots he'd typically make.
He was one of my favorite players on the Thunder, but after listening to him on the Lowe Post, he might be one of my favorite players in the league. Absolutely love his mentality about traveling; felt rare to hear coming from an NBA player
You lost twice - you're a double contender now
We feel you
Wayne Ellington and his Ofer tried but Saddiq said no
#FUCK YOUR TANK
And we ruin bad teams tank. Its a cycle
The fucking nerve, they come out with an all star and think they have a chance
You've got a non zero shot at the title? GG
Daddyiq bae really pist on the whole Celtics
We in 2004 again
It is for the Pistons at least.
Didn’t he have a perfect shooting night in your last game also?
(checks schedule).......either the Pelicans or the knicks.
The wires got crossed somewhere and the Yzerplan is being applied to the wrong sport.
Eh, their record is 3rd worse rn with a brutal schedule, I could see them raising to 25th record or higher with an easier schedule, and more teams tanking.

they gotta chill with the effort if they are to tank.
Nah we're gonna sit this season out just for the sake of fairness, but we're coming back next season with a top 5 pick in tow.
I shaved my beard at halftime and by the end it had grown back already
[deleted]
the refs added on time for some reason. The clock was at 4.6, then at 5.1 and there was a few plays that took no time off.
Thank you sir may I have another lol
Tops in the league in the strength of wins
“So you think your a contender huh”
And there wasn’t a single doubt about the result.
Beybe
Everyone loves Big Diq.
Imma start calling him Daddyiq bae
I wish stew got some more playing time tn 

Idk what happened
Can I interest you in one Blake Griffin?
And all we are gonna get is ainge jacking himself off for drafting pritchard.
>The Celtics are a legit .500 team because of the depth. They need trades ASAP

With what assets? With Smart out of the lineup they can't stop anyone. They're more than 1-2 pieces away and only have the assets to get 1 roleplayer, not even a good one.
look at me look at me...... EYE am the captain now
The rivalry lives on
Sometimes it comes down to which team is hungrier.

Cleary the C's wanted to hug that L more than your quote-unquote Bad Boys. Deal with it.

If you want to point fingers, maybe talk to your bro Saddiq Bey, clearly that m'fer didn't get the memo as he was racking up a career night against the Celtics. 

Your team is legit trash. Watching them play, all I could think of was that Saddiq Bey and Delon Wright, will never be the 1-2 punch on a tanking team. If you want to legit tank, the Pistons have to find worse players than these 2. 

I watched them make play after play, and hit shot after contested shot. Fucking losers. If either of those guys had that killer DNA, they would have done a better job of missing their shots and drawing offensive fouls.

I'm sorry that we stole the loss from your guys tonight, but the Pistons played less worse than the Celtics, and didn't have what it takes to be the worst team in the EC.
Why are you adding 4 losses to our record?
Only 2 so far, the third game we let a huge lead slip away and lost on the buzzer beater
2*
They have a bunch of narrow losses to good teams, they play well against most good teams but they seem to be an especially bad matchup for the Celtics
>Saddiq Bey has shot a combined 12/15 from 3 in both Detroit's wins vs the Celtics.

Saddiq "Khris Middleton" Bey
They’ll win in 3. Philly will concede the 4th in a walkover.
If we could get Giannis to miss a shot I like our chances.
[deleted]
No we are not. We're tanking and winning a few for the kiddos along the way.
No
He’s the perfect garbage time player to get the bench hyped when he makes a 3
You should see the Pistons injury report. They played without a center half the game. They were also on a back to back. This is your second loss to this team. On paper that should not happen
Missing Kemba is a good thing. He’s so fucking bad id rather have Shane Larkin out there. At least he wouldn’t go 2-15
Reactionary actually means “opposing social liberalization or reform,” not “overreacting” as many people on this sub seem to think.
2-1 actually. Tatum had to hit a game winner to take it tho
2-1 lmao
With all due respect, you do realize how genuinely pathetic this is right?
What an idiot, we lost to the Pistons earlier in the year too.
Your comments are more embarrassing than his tbh
You and Milwaukee dont count, yall just son us
You guys are great not good !
Spoken like a true fan.
I can literally taste the salt from this comment in my own mouth
I can feel the pain in this comment lol
He would’ve been ridiculous with you guys or on any contending team for that matter. Detroit looks like a contender when they play us though
Our sub was getting so hyped that he fell to us, then we passed on him.
That’s facts
He's not really very athletic. If he was he probably would've been a top 10 pick at least tbh.
Says something he still contributes in his worst game. But tn was all Bey
Really? I don't watch you guys but damn, I remember when Jerami used to get 10-15 for us and it's a great game on top of good defense

Speaks a lot to me about his improvement as a player
Nah it cancels out
Casty tried too lmao only putting in “Daddyiq bae” w only 3min left or whatever
The perfect timeline
*"ARTEST IS IN THE STANDS"*
Oh no
Game before last. All in the 4th quarter too.
neither of those are contenders, theyre safe
Nah i have faith in KAT to bring the wolves up.
I want to see Cade, Jackson/Hayes, Bey, Grant, Stewart as the starting 5 next year. Cade and Grant would be such a fun duo to watch.
Ngl I was kinda sweating after Josh missed that 1st one.
The boston commentators kept telling me there was a chance though
Foul trouble, refs were calling some soft stuff on him early
Replying to my own comment: all sarcasm and hyperbole aside, the Pistons won tonight (whether they wanted to or not) and they beat the Celtics in most facets of the game and deserved the W. 

GG Pistons bros.

In our next meeting, hopefully the Celtics are more sportsmanlike in helping your quest for the #1 pick.
He's just being realistic
Ah that’s right. That was a moral loss for us lol
Should be playing us tonight 😮‍💨
I mean, probably but we haven’t yet seen what the rotation looks like with the 4 main guys healthy. I am losing hope we’ll ever be healthy, but that’s for another day.

I fully trust 7 guys on any given night, but our lack of wings is just jarring.

We do need a trade, because the Jays are good enough right now and I’m confident that Kemba will recover from the slump, so a starting NBA wing would be a godsend, I think we are good enough to overpay for one too.
I forgot about that one.  Still good.
*checks flair*

Uhuh
Yeah but you guys always make it competitive at the end anyway
I feel like for the past 3-4 years, basically ever since Jennings tore his achilles vs them, every time we play the bucks they're in control of the entire game from start to finish.
No you’re right, 13-12 teams are usually contenders and we should be really happy about what the Celtics have shown us so far
That comment is our sub personified.
Just looking at his stats makes me fucking jealous of Detroit.
I legit turned off the tv when I found out we traded the 19th pick.. I was so mad we didn’t draft him
Tbh you guys got everyone’s favorite player before the draft in Tyrel Terry. We were all jealous
I think he'll pick up again when Plumlee comes back from his little injury. With Plumlee gone, Detroit only has 1 center on the roster currently.
I think a big part of that is he's a really solid defender so he can always get something done even if his shot isn't falling.
If I was being honest with myself, 15 is still good. The only reason it's a little disappointing is that he had 15 in the first quarter a few days ago. I'd like to see him get 20. He's just legit getting hacked, not getting calls, and not finishing as well. 

I truly believe once Plumlee is back, the Offense will be working more in his favor again.
You’re next
2* 😪
Just imagining Artest raging in the empty stands 😂
yeah but people are pretending they are. I think it might be enough to push us over the top.
Sounds good to me.
Smallest guy would be 6’7 lol
Nah, after the Theis miss and the Bey three, there was no way we were winning this. 

You guys deserved this one, way better than us.
Mike being worse is perfectly understandable, but god, Scal was a good listen whenever he filled in for Tommy, but he’s just been a chore this season. 

I miss Tommy.
They’re Boston commentator what do you expect xD
Ik that I was mainly talking 2nd half

Did he even play in the 4th lol
Horrible's a bit strong, I'll retract it, PP looks nice.

But Nesmith is bringing nothing, and for a late lottery selection that's not good enough.

Gordon/Barnes as TPE targets could make sense
Still wild Jennings tore his achilles against the Bucks of all teams.
Where did he mention contenders? Your boy said 'among the worst teams in the NBA'. Celtics being included in that group is laughable. You're a fine team. Contenders? Probably not. But stranger things have happened, especially in the East.
Down here, salt is a way of life...
Sigh
It's an unfun place to be.
I don't think that sentence has been spoken in 15 years
Swap rosters?
I’m hard and wet
For Landry Shamet LMFAAOOOOOOOO
Oh boy.
Didn’t think I’d read that sentence after it seemed all our offseason moves were for centers lol. Added Plumlee, Okafor, and Stewart.
It’s pretty amazing that Mason Plumlee is a huge factor for the Pistons, but I’m not complaining
The pistons are literally goldberg
Lmao even worse this guys rotations are so ass but I like basically every other part of his coaching
At least he wouldn’t hit the wrong guy this time.
Smallest starter would be 6’7? Lol
Sixers are doing pretty good running a big lineup. Don’t see why other teams can’t as well. If Cade turns out to be a great player then the lineup would work. Jackson, Bey, and Grant can all hit threes so I don’t think spacing would be an issue.
Grant/Blake big lineup was absolutely torching the Celtics both ends of the floor.
Kemba/Smart/Brown/Tatum/PP and two of Theis/TT/Rob have my complete trust right now, there’s not a single bench wing that’s reliable. 

Yep, so far it’s been nothing at all from him, which hurts a lot. Having to move Bane to dump Kanter also looks bad. But hey, some rookies help right away others take a bit longer.

Those are the two guys that fit need/contract the best IMO, but Gordon is injured and the Kings are winning too many games.
The Celtics are definitely contenders, if they had a shot blocking C they could start,  they'd be my favorites coming out of the East
Up here?
Lol it’s nice when people are complementing the pistons for doing something right. I haven’t felt this feeling in a long, long time.
hell naw. This team is too fun to give away, TRUST WEAVER
man thinks he’s Curry with the amount of absurd shots he takes 😭
How’s he coming along btw? I haven’t got to watch as much of you guys as I wanted to
For a team that was clowned on for having more centers than a pack of oreos, It's interesting how we've only got 1 right now!
I’m glad you say that, there’s really so much to love with Casey and I really do hope we keep him, but hopefully there’s a way to work out the rotations before we get competitive
Sounds good to me.
i agree. time to do our own thing instead of trend chasin
I don’t even know that it’s a shot blocker, it’s just a big who can be relied on as a part of our offense. Theis is a very good defender, but if whoever he is matched up with can beat him it can cause problems for us because in a bad defensive matchup he turns into a complete negative since he doesn’t do much to improve the offense.

Even doing something like getting a guy like Horford, who is probably a bit over the hill, back could completely change the team. He’d drastically improve our spacing and ball movement by giving us a big who can shoot well and thrive as a distributor. 

Right now I think we’re too reliant on the Jays creating since we don’t have much scoring talent outside of them, especially right now with Kemba struggling, and adding a guy like Horford would be great because he is a solid offensive threat on his own, but would also help put other guys into positions for easier buckets with his passing.
Up here in Tampa?
Do you mean Joe "Kevin ' 2 phones' Gates" Dumars didn't lead us in the right direction
He's barely played (not even with us right now, he's playing in the g league bubble), but pretty bad in his mostly garbage time minutes. He stops the ball often and hesitates on everything. 

He's apparently doing pretty well in the g league games, so there's still hope for him.
We had 5 at one point but every beat writer said to be patient and that Troy had a plan and boy did he
Ya he seems like he brings a great culture, gets the guys always playing there all and develops players very well. I really question the rotations sometimes tho but as u said hopefully they will improve by the time we’re good
The thing about his rotations to me is that, since we're so young and overall not competing for anything serious, how do we know his rotations aren't simply test drives?
After giving google a quick spin around the league, centers like that are in few supply and high demand. I was going to say what about Myles Turner but at this point I'd think Horford may be more serviceable for your needs
Ahh my small brain never made that connection. Thx Ol Dick Donald.
Oh that’s good. I think everyone who him on their team became victims of watching highlights because let’s be honest we weren’t watching Stanford games
From his Raptors days when he had bad rotations and even now he’s made real odd ones
Horford isn't really a shotblocking center, back on the Celtics he was better known for his all-round defensive switchability and his playmaking. Really good shooter for a center as well.

Agree with you on Turner, we had a chance at getting him with a Hayward S&T but negotiations fell apart when he decided to go to Charlotte instead.
I just wanna thank OKC for Troy weaver, hope to see yall in the finals
OKC have finally found the key to losing. All it took was sitting all five starters
Presti's plan is coming together.
Now, that is tanking. Shows how good Horford, Shai and Dort were.
OKC wins this time
Who knew that Sekou could be good given a chance?! Also the fact that Hayes was labeled a bust after 7 games will never not be laughable
Jerami, gotta put more effort into tanking
It's nice of the Thunder to feed Poku and make him look less like a Redditor.
who even are these players on OKC
Must be great to be a pistons fan!! Get bad!! Thunder bottom 3 here we go 🥱😎
This game should have been nationally televised
The M1 Abrams is a third-generation American main battle tank designed by Chrysler Defense (now General Dynamics Land Systems)[9] and named for General Creighton Abrams. Conceived for modern armored ground warfare and now one of the heaviest tanks in service at nearly 68 short tons (almost 62 metric tons), it introduced several innovative features, including a multifuel turbine engine, sophisticated Chobham composite armor, a computer fire control system, separate ammunition storage in a blow-out compartment, and NBC protection for crew safety.
[deleted]
He’s awesome, I’m glad you guys like him :’)
As a Thunder fan born and raised in the Detroit area, I hope we meet up as well.
And diallo
If you look at the plus/minus it really do be as simple as that. OKC “starting five” tonight got their backs blown out
WYM poku got 19???
Only time I’ve ever liked injuries (that aren’t super serious)
We still aren't gonna catch up to yall but thankfully Dlo is back. If Houston get's the worst record our odds of getting a top 5 pick shoot up to 61% overall.
I wouldn’t say he was “labeled” a bust, more so an EXTREMELY vocal minority in the pistons sub. Feels so happy to have him back
all it took was them going up against an extremely depleted OKC roster. basically the equivalent of playing a g-league team.
Over/under on Sekou getting fewer than 10 minutes next game?
Check the standings nerd. Imagine having 20 wins, couldn't be me.
Got a long way to go, y'all were too good at the start. Closer to the 8th seed than you are to the rockets.
It can seat a crew of five OKC starters with a DNP status.
How could you possibly think the Pistons are trying to make playoffs
The Pistons have been tanking all year...
Dude we’re playing 4 rookies, a ten-day contract, a 32 year old, 2 second year guys, and Cory freaking Joseph. We have ONE very good player right now. We also traded away two former MVPs and another All-star, didn’t re-sign Christian Wood, and traded Luke Kennard and Bruce brown. How are we trying to make the playoffs? 😂
He proved he can play, can you just sit him and feed him already ffs
Houston keeps their pick if it's top 4.
He was. But I'm talking more on Pistons Twitter.
All it took was them getting a chance
Probably won't even play
That's fine, we have a 50/50 shot at the rocket's pick anyway
[deleted]
Yes but if they get the fifth pick it's ours
Okay. I don’t use Twitter so I’ll take your word for it
Sekou has had plenty of chances. This game means next to nothing and was his only, literally only, above average game he’s played the entire year. And it was against what is probably the worst lineup thats been fielded by any team this year. If he continues this, great, but he will very likely continue to be his usual unplayable self when we play an actual nba team next game. 

Killian has always gotten chances too, he’s a big part of our future and has showed great flashes so I’m not down on him at all.
You’re telling me that signing Mason Plumlee to be your STARTING Center doesn’t look like tanking? Lmao.
Also we just traded solid Delon Wright for trash Cory Joseph. Isn’t that also a clear tanking move?
Pistons blew it up. Isn't sekou their longest tenured piston lmao? Definitely tanking.
I haven't done the math but it seems like Houston being more likely to get a top 4 pick would make it less likely that we get a top 5 pick.
Sekou has not had any chances, what are you talking about? He has a good game then doesn't play at all the next game. Or when he's playing, Casey has him literally stand in the corner and the team freezes him out. His first game as a starter he played good defense on Kawhi Leonard, the next game? Didn't play at all. You literally do not watch games if you think Sekou has been given a chance at all
[deleted]
We were trying to sign FVV to pair with Grant. I don't think Weaver's initial plan was a tank, but he's pivoted to it.

It also aligns with all the dumb machinations we went through to get Delon Wright.

https://mobile.twitter.com/VinceGoodwill/status/1330203272712425473
It’s from a thread on r/thunder the other day. 


Basically if the Rockets are the worst record then the Thunder have a 48% chance at the 5th pick with that Houston pick falling. Combine that with the Thunder’s current place in the standings it makes their odds of one of those 2 picks landing in the top 5 as 61%.
It benefits the Thunder significantly for Houston to be as bad as possible. The flattened lottery odds mean that spots 1-3 all have the same chance of being in the top four. However, the lowest 1 can fall is five. And if Houston is 5-7 or whatever there’s still a significant chance for their pick to jump up into the top four, in addition to the chance that it becomes even worse. OKC should be happiest with the 48% chance at five.
Lmao I can't believe we have fans who still believe this nonsense

Sekou has had the same chances as our other rookies, he's played like complete garbage in every single game this year outside of last night and according to reports, he doesn't remotely impress in practice either. 

He's heavy footed and can't beat any competent NBA player off the dribble, he's one of the worst shooters in the league, his handles suck, he's regressed from last year, and he shows nothing compared to our 4 other rookies while being in the league for a longer amount of time.

> Casey has him literally stand in the corner and the team freezes him out

Not really, he has no role because he's not good at anything. Please tell me what role we can use a slow slasher who can't shoot or beat his man whatsoever in.

> His first game as a starter he played good defense on Kawhi Leonard, the next game? Didn't play at all. You literally do not watch games if you think Sekou has been given a chance at all

Ironic that I'm the one who doesn't watch games yet this scenario you've just mentioned literally never happened. Sekou has played against Kawhi once in 19-20, and started the next ~five games where he performed well, then his production dropped off and his will to even play was questioned by Casey as he was showing up lazy as hell to practice and his production was dropping off a cliff. That was also last season and he's gotten worse this year.
Definitely not on a playoff team would he be a starter.
There is a legit scenario where because the Thunder win the lottery, it pushes the Rockets pick to 5, giving it to OKC.
You're right about the Kawhi thing, I was wrong. Misremembered that. But he's regressed because his minutes have been worse, hes been called out through the media which hurts the confidence of young guys which ironically is what Casey called him out for.

Sekou looked good last game because he was playing his role, he shot a couple three pointers but he used his strength to get to the rim which he's good at. He's also gotten better at getting deflections. Sekou is a strong guy who is being used as a spot up shooter instead of having his strengths brought out of him.

Sekou also gets pulled whenever he makes one single mistake, which again destroys confidence. Do you think that maybe he played better because Hayes brought out his strengths? He's shown that he has the tools, but it needs to be brought out of him.

He's raw, we literally knew that he'd take time to develop, yall want a project until you see what goes into taking a project and developing their talent. He needs to be handled differently than other rookies because he's our only rookie that was really considered a project.
NO NO NO THE THUNDER WILL FINISH WITH PICKS 9 AND 20 DONT GET MY HOPES UP PLZ K THX
lmaoooooooooooooooooo
> hes been called out through the media which hurts the confidence of young guys which ironically is what Casey called him out for.

He was playing very poorly before being called out by the media, it didn't help but it's not like that was the turning point. 

> Sekou looked good last game because he was playing his role, he shot a couple three pointers but he used his strength to get to the rim which he's good at. 

He looked good because he was playing against players who don't belong in the league. Sekou doesn't get to the rim when playing against NBA players. He's at that Henry Ellenson stage where he dominates G leaguers while being completely ineffective against NBA players. If we didn't opt out of the G league, he wouldn't even be with the team right now.

> Sekou also gets pulled whenever he makes one single mistake, which again destroys confidence. Do you think that maybe he played better because Hayes brought out his strengths? He's shown that he has the tools, but it needs to be brought out of him.

He gets pulled whenever he makes a mistake, which is rough, but common for almost all rookies. He also provides nothing else so pulling him is justified nearly every single time.

> he played better because Hayes brought out his strengths?

No, I think he played better because he knows he's better than the guys he was up against and is coming off several DNPs. If he can remain hungry, then sure he has a chance to keep performing well. Minutes will come as long as he doesn't look terrible out there against actual teams, which he has all season. There's not some hidden agenda against him, he's just been terrible and doesn't look like an NBA player at all. 

> He's raw, we literally knew that he'd take time to develop, yall want a project until you see what goes into taking a project and developing their talent. 

We have plenty of time to develop Sekou, I don't mind how we do it. The fact of the matter is he's shown us nothing and belongs in the G league until he can get his confidence back. I'm hoping that's what last night was for him (confidence booster) but I would not be surprised whatsoever if he gets minutes against a top team tonight and looks unplayable again. I'm surprised he's still even on the team after the deadline as neither Weaver nor Casey seem to be high on him whatsoever.
Does this mean the pelicans are contenders?
Flair based title lmao. Made me chuckle OP good shit.
This is how a Pistons team should play. Passing, energy, and a bit of attitude. 

DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETROOOIIIIIITTTTTTTTT
Pistons are fun as hell to watch. People gonna make jokes in this thread but I’m very happy with the team’s progress.
pistons my favorite team to watch this season. they haven't really disappointed at all.
To the New Orleans locals: are these the regular commentators for your local FOX sports? I really enjoyed their commentary today. Balanced but not boring. I thought they were equally harsh on both teams for their periods of bad play, and provided some nice insight about the development of two fairly young teams.
THESE TRASH TEAMS NEED TO STOP RUINING THE TANK
I don’t know about this title...
Edit: self whoosh
Y’all aware you’re supposedly **TANKING**?
Of all the things happening with Pistons this season, Plumlee with the triple double and 1 TO is probably the last thing I'd ever expect.
The Pistons are getting noticeably better. Fade for Cade is starting to feel unrealistic.
Congrats Pelicans! You're officially a good team, maybe
Plumdog Triple-aire and Josh Jackson dropping great games. If these are NBA rejects we need more
Crazy how the Pistons only beat elite playoff teams
Pelicans fans, I really feel for your frustration with Gundy
Pels got killed by Mason Plumlee & Svi Mykhailiuk
itt: people not getting the joke
Very low effort game from us and barely played anything that resembled basketball

but damn Zion did give some effort on defense tonight and he looks like he's getting a little better week by week. And our rookie Kira looked nice too. Wish he could have just taken all of Bledsoe's mins because Bledsoe just watched people shoot over him like he didn't give a s\*\*t.

Everyone else. I don't know what is happening.
We let Mason Plumlee get a triple double....we ain’t a good team.
Ngl I was kinda rooting for the pelicans to win this one, we're winning a lil too much
[deleted]
nice to see DSJ playing great!

Without Blake Griffin and Derrick Rose we are so fun to watch

the ball movement was beautiful
Lol at our announcers saying the pistons are like a box of chocolate.
that's Pelicans basketball baby!
PISTONS WINS!!

#FADEFORCADE
I swear it feels like Bledsoe is trying to get traded to a contender, so everyone can pretend he's good till the playoffs happen.
> 11-16

 

> good teams

pick one
The Pelicans have become pathetically predictable. Majority of the time as the game progresses they play worse offense and their defense is terrible.
Detroit Pistions=Giant Slayers
Want to have a career night? Play the Pelicans.
It’s an honor to lose to the Pistons in the regular season NOLA fam.
Aw fuck are we decent?
They should just run iso/ pick n roll with Ingram and zion for the entire 48 , everybody else .. GET THE FUCK OUT THE WAY
Maybe Pelicans should sign LiAngelo instead of us
Pistons can’t even tank correctly
Zion is a all star
Only to espn pelicans are a good team lol, they are mediocre and boring
What’s wrong with BI? So frustrated when he doesn’t showed up when it matters most.
The pelicans confuse me
I’m happy Zion puts up stats for my fantasy team but I’m sick he has to play with this fucking terribly put together roster. I don’t understand this team at all
Pistons shootaround was more contested than all their open 3's tonight.
Terrible tank.
These players look annoyed of SVG
Cheeky title OP
Why is Bledsoe taking all those 3s?
Pelicans have to be the most disappointing team in the league. So much talent on the roster and they sound great on paper, but they just can't put it together.
Good teams? Where was the good team at? In the stands?
“Good”
Pain
Are they a good team?
The team was slightly better at defending the 3 this game. At least, it looked like they knew what they wanted to, they just can't execute. Bledsoe's got to get moved to a contender. There's nothing he's doing right now that NAW can't also do, and moving him frees up minutes for both KLJ and NAW.
The Pelicans are a good team??
It means you guys are so good you couldn’t lose if you tried
[deleted]
Thanks, glad someone got it.
I don’t get it :-(
Loved watching DSJ go bully that rookie after the over and back call
BASKETBAAAAAAAAAALL
When they’re not inexplicably annihilating your favorite team?

Absolutely
Josh Jackson reviving his career is fun, even DSJ did something positive today
Wolves were Sp00ky, pistons are scrappy bois
If pistons are fun to watch, which team isn't ??
Even most losses have been exciting to watch and close games
Joel Myers is one of the best commentators in the business. Antonio Daniels compliments Joel’s laid back commentary with energy and a player’s perspective. They’re a really good duo. Sometimes the only good thing about watching a Pels game.
I thought they were extremely biased.
Fr it's starting to piss me off
bruh ikr
This but unironically.
He is obviously joking
Pels are the biggest enigma in the NBA. But I definitely don't think I'd call them "good" if I had to describe them
Yeah, “good”? Not many people are calling NOLA good
Fade for Cade was never realistic. You think Detroit could win a draft lottery? lol It's been #5 at best this whole time.
Yeah I don’t think we’ll get him. If we get a top 5 pick I’ll be happy but given how easy our second half Schedule will be in not too sure anymore barring any trades
Not necessarily, just gotta have a bottom 4 seed. I hope we finish bottom 4 just because Cade would really jumpstart this rebuild
Dsj did pretty well too in his limited mins too
Jackson is a really good shooter
We're just gonna stick to this 'guard the paint/leave the 3 harder to guard' philosophy forever huh...  😅
This isn't on SVG. I didn't realize the team decided that the Bledsoe was the standard for acceptable levels of commitment and energy.
No shame in losing to Plumdog Millionaire
By everybody really, 6 players scored 15 or over
The perfect timeline
Idk if u got that nickname from my post yesterday but

Either way we fucking LOVE DADDIQ BAE
People in this thread stay missing the joke, it's such obvious sarcasm I swear
This, it ruined the  post smh
Pistons actually playing like a solid tank.  Hopefully we can get it stuck back in the mud soon.  Can't win too many lol.
He's shooting 40% for the season, so probably has quite a green light for them.

Plus driving takes effort and energy, and that's not been Bledsoe's style this season.
I don’t think any contender would want his trash ass. Dude is more often bad than good and when he’s bad he’s really damn bad
Maybe we were the secret contender all along.... nah.
and still trade Bledsoe though
Yeah this was a good one op
It's Kira Lewis Jr and he's a dog. Got more steals then the whole Pistons team.
Yep first point where I see potential w dsj at least as a piston
I can literally guarantee you haven’t watched a Pistons game this year, except maybe when the played the Nets. It was that simple just from your comment.
Yeah I used to love when Joel Myers was the Lakers guy. Then he got replaced with homer ass bill McDonald who needs to be reigned in by Stu
Really? They were clearly supporting the Pelicans but a bunch of local channels do that. I thought these guys were at least being fair and entertaining in their analysis (unlike the Boston commentators who complain about ref calls and such)
being shit isnt an enigma
We've got to bench Bledsoe for NAW. Send a jolt through the team. Do something. At least NAW can learn. Bledsoe's a finished product. And this is what we're getting out of him, and it's not good.
We're not good at all. We're so prone to breakdowns it's kind of crazy.
I'm not sure we're even a basketball team rn with how we played tonight.
I don't think Ingram is nearly as good as people say he is
When have we actually tried winning a draft lottery? I don’t recall when we’ve rebuilt like this
Yeah you guys have had a hellish schedule so far. The only "bad teams" you've played so far have been Cleveland, New Orleans, and Miami twice
We're going to have Killian learning on the job at some point, probably starting, so that'll help the tank. I think Wright gets moved too, been playing solid and could be a nice piece off the bench for someone
We can get a top 5 pick. I don’t see that many teams trying to rebuild right now like us.
9 pts in 12 baby!
Josh Jackson??
Except when he's not. He runs very hot and cold. Major weapon off the bench when he is on.
FORM A FUCKING WALL
Yes.
It's beyond the system, there's just too many basic mental errors and lack of effort/focus.

There were multiple time BI (and others, but he was particularly noticeable this game) were just caught asleep on defence. There has to be some level of personal responsbility.
That spread of scoring is really, really good
Dude look at his flair
I think a contender might be ok with him getting like 10 or 15 mins a game because he can occasionally pull a decent game out his ass and provides a vet presence. But overall yeah no contender would probably want him for a big role
Well, tanking teams aren't going to want him either. And unfortunately, DNP-CDs for long periods of time means the problems only get worse. Bench Bledsoe for NAW.
But did he win?
True, still didn't answer the question of which teams aren't fun.
 By engima I mean they'll have stretches where the talent is clearly there and everything will click (making us look like a bona-fide playoff team) but then have extended streaks where the team looks like arguably the worst in the league

Overall they for sure are shitty this year. But they are so inconsistent with their good play which is why they are really weird to watch and hard to know what their theoretical ceiling is
Yeah its frustrating. Its just so hard to know exactly what the future of the team is at times because they'll have stretches where you can see a light at the end of the tunnel for them but then snuff out that light with lazy/stupid defensive breakdowns + missing wide open shots
We are the basketball team form of a person who gets random bursts of extreme motivation but then mostly just slacks off the rest of the time
with steven adams and zion yall would do well in rugby.
At least you’re not the Celtics...
Pelicans are such a strange team this season, like I feel they should be better than they are. They’re starting 5 seem ok, they have good offense somehow but their defense is just god awful.
Probably the year Grant Hill was drafted.
And the Celtics
Maybe if dsj picks up his play and killians able to come back healthy we trade delon and have killian come off the bench. But if dsj is struggling later I don’t see us trading delon.
Yeah
yeah, no more reggie jackson
It’s clearly a joke
I mean thats most bad teams. Lots of teams in the nba have some talent on them and sometimes that talent clicks and plays well. good teams are consistently good. We arent overwhelmingly talented, or well-coached and this is the result you get.
I'm in this comment and I dont like it.
So this Pelicans' team is the NBA equivalent of ADHD? Sounds about right.
Our defense is the easiest thing to break down in the world. All guys have to do is pass more than once and we overhelp and fumble around scared. 🤦‍♂️
Remember when Grant Hill was traded? I recall something about a Larry O'Brien coming shortly after that
Lmao 😂
Most young teams dont have the raw individual young talent we do though 

Zion/BI is an incredible young offensive duo and both have easy all-NBA potential. Lonzo has stretches where he flashes his raw abilities and can sometimes look like a guy who can be the PG for a contender, and Hart can be a pretty solid bench piece most nights. Even Kira has been starting to flash how good he might be. On paper we should be a lot better and you can see that when the talented young guys actually perform up to their abilities
Exactly. They are the perfect team for me in that way
Yup. And the guy who usually helps is the person who should be helping .
Bruh. I'm trying to get away from my ADHD, not see it personified in my NBA team.
Sometimes you just gotta fully embrace the mental issues you got Lmao
I hope for your sake, your username is *not* relevant.
Sometimes it is, sometimes its not
There is tanking.. then there is losing 19 games in a row. 

That’s something that kills a team. At least need some competitive wins for the culture.
I believe you mean the Rockets won 100-113. THE TANK ROLLS ON
fuck
In the arms of the beard

Euro step away from here

From this dark cold Clutch City

And the endlessness that you fear

You are pulled from the wreckage

Of your silent tanking

You're in the arms of the beard
all of your tanks are belong to us
28 straight is the NBA record.  😬
As a Pels fan it's nice seeing F Jackson ball out
I took like half an hour for this to get posted, lmaoooo
The game that nobody watched. Still a W for us LOL
So... The wizards didn't lose the trade?
At least I found 3D Doritos today. Watching the Rockets win while eating the 3D Doritos sure would of been dandy.
What’s the longest losing streak ever?
Why the shit do we got so many solid pg’s
can we just blow up the team already
I can’t handle watching Dipo on this team any longer
Rockets are complete trash wtf, jerami has his worst game as a pistons and you still lose by 13
When will the pain stop
WHOSE HOUSE


Wait wrong thread
The team with the second worst record in the league has had Harden, Westbrook, Wall, Oladipo, Covington, PJ Tucker, Demarcus Cousins, and an emerging Christian Wood on its roster in the past 6 months. 

Life comes at you fucking quick.
I obviously want the Pistons to lose while fighting till their last breath. But when you have Sadiq playing well, Steward showing huge strides in his improvement, he has a 3pt shot in his arsenal, he can hit mid range shot, he can post up. I'm very impressed with him. And you have guys like Frank Jackson who is literally playing to stay in the league, well I can't be mad. GG lads.
Four 'Jr.'s in this game.  I wonder what the record is.

That's all I got.  Devastating win.
Rockets going 0-27 still in play
I’ve never seen a game thread so empty. There was probably a grand total of 20 comments.
The Rockets should change their name to the Sinkers, because that’s where they’re going in the standings.
Rockets can’t catch a break
18 straight?
I don't know if the Rockets are intentionally tanking or what, but if you're the GM, Coach or players, you need to be worried about your next job. The owner will still own the team so he might want to tank, but everyone else is easily replaceable.
Adam Silver must be so mad at Tilman lmao
wtf houston really wanted that L didn't they
Both teams want to get to 30 losses so  bad.
considering how tough our 2nd half schedule is, it may be tough for teams to out-tank us.  detroit you can't be winning games like this against us.
Thought this is where the streak ends but clearly not lol
~~Germany~~ Houston losing the Battle of Kursk
The owner is doing everything you gut the team its fucked lol
Losing Wood for like 2 months really did them in. They'll find some wins soon enough.
Our culture is cheeks until we get rid of Dipo and Wall.
They need that pick in the top 4. Fuck the culture, there will be like three players on the Rockets team next year from this roster.
How y’all out tanking us what the hell
Yeah, this one really hurts.  Two game swing.
Better hope the pick ends up top 4! ;)
Suck it, winners
The lone positive comment in the whole thread lmao
You want him back?  Because he doesn't seem to understand what we are trying to do here.
Giving up a 1st is so foolhardy and John Wall looks really good. I honestly think nothing would be different
28 - by the 2015 76ers
26 by the Cavs. Lebron leaving was a dark time
[deleted]
Dipo is so bad lmao

U guys should be thankful he didn’t like money
Hey man... not cool
This is 19.
19 now
One of them is full of vets the other is full of rookies and reclamation projects.
I don’t what you are talking about. Houston won the tank battle.
Fuck Tillman
You underestimate Tilman Frittata's power.
The lottery gods will have our backs. Ur tanking in bad faith 😡😡😡

*At least I hope*
Don't have a spot for him, he's yours for now pal
Despite Westbrook’s flaws there is no way he would allow his team to go 0-19.
That took 2 seasons though
we still got 2 aging stars on our team (although idk if dipo counts as a star anymore)
Imagine losing 19 straight and hoping your team blows it up. Fucking hell Fertitta. Pro tip: never trust someone with two last names.
If the NBA somehow rigged the lottery to give the Rockets the fifth pick just to fuck with Tillman 

*oh boy*
*Damn you Tilman*
we just want to stay in the top 4 to keep our pick.  i mean if a #1 overall should happen to find its way to us, we wouldn't complain, but top 4 is the goal.
No, we've just been really, really, really bad. Constant injuries to Wall, Oladipo (though he's ass anyways), Wood, and Gordon. Now KPJ's hurt too, so we're pretty much just cursed.
history says we are to be rewarded for seeding a superteam in new york.  we shall see.
He'd love it because then he wouldn't have to pay a first rounder's guaranteed salary.
Ya I agree w u
It sucks that after a historically horrific season & even if you finish dead last, you still have a 40% chance you give the pick up
Ik I was mostly joking. I was more referring to trading James harden because w him u guys wouldn’t even be that bad.

But ya I do definitely hope we do well in the lottery tho
That doesn’t suck, that’s just horrible management
Sucks for the fans
That’s fair.
Shit this means these mfs gon come out mad asf on Saturday 🙄
Wayne Ellington from 3 in the past 10 days:

7-11

4-9

6-10

4-6

6-9

4-8

6-9

Overall: 37-62 (59.7%)
No knees Griffin the goat.
It takes a lot of energy to fly 600 miles and lose two games within a 24-hour span
Welcome to the club LA
Blake Griffin is shooting 43% from three when he's shooting at least 8 threes a game. He's left open on the perimeter a lot, he can't attack the basket anymore, his legs are done. 

#TURN BLAKE GRIFFIN INTO PRIME JR SMITH
Can't be too mad getting beat by an elite contender like that
From 7:00 to 0:56 remaining in the fourth quarter, the LA Lakers were outscored 18-0 by the Detroit Pistons.
The Lakers finally started their hard schedule and it began with Detroit.
Lebron 7/7 to start : 'imma unleash my final form'

Lebron 1/7 to finish: 'there's no taco Thursday?'
Gasol 0 points in 25 minutes oof
Now that's the Marc Gasol statline I remember.
The Pistons have beaten
PHX when they were 6-2 (top2 west at that time)
Lakers (no2 in west)
PHI and BOS (top3 in east)
In 4 of their 5 wins
Not the main thing or anything, but I hate the way they call the away from the ball foul, Grant hit a three but Plumlee was fouled a second earlier, so the Pistons lost a point. 

Why can't we have an advantage rule like in soccer, it's the one thing that almost never goes wrong there, and it'd also help to stop *the euro foul on the fastbreaks.

/rant over
me before clicking into the PGT: "i bet theres gonna be lot of jazz flairs in here"
The Pistons are an unstoppable force against the top NBA teams
lebron deserved the rest, AD should be the one trying to play out of a funk  


i'm not worried it's just frustrating, for some reason everyone was coasting harder than lebron and now it's caught up with them especially when lebron is obviously getting tired now  


all the effort on defense and offense has slowly gotten worse, felt like when the lakers won that game against the bulls that they probably should've lost was when things started to change for the worse effort wise
Wayne Ellington is going off this year. Dude can hit a three from anywhere
LAKERS: *exist*

BLAKE GRIFFIN: ...and I took that personally
Isaiah Stewart = a mixture of Dennis Rodman/Ben Wallace/Bill Laimbeer
LMAO IMAGINE LOOSING TO THE PISTONS 😂😂😂😂😂😂


.. couldn't be us.


oh wait 🥺
Imagine losing to the Pistons.
Blake looking a bit like his 2018-19 self again in this game, great to see
Pistons went back to 2004, Blake went back a couple of years.

And LeBron went back to June 2011.
"We take pride in not losing ~~two~~ three in a row." - LeBron James
Lmaooo how tf you lose to the pistons😂Mason plumlee showed who's really the goat
AD is about to demand a trade and ask LeBron how is ass taste
The robin hood of the east strikes again
Lakers in the 4th quarter: 6/21 from the floor, 1/6 from 3, 4 turnovers. LeBron missed all 4 of his shot attempts
Lebron really trash-talked our rookie center and then lost?
LeBron can't do jack shit in the East.
LeDisney Channel might as well have sat out the entire second half with the production he showed.
LeBron remembering the 06 playoffs when Detroit knocked him out tonight
hey lakers. 

you’re supposed to but the ball in the hoop. 

it’s gotta go alllll the way through the hoop for the points to count though. 

ya seem to have forgotten that
Blake had to remind everyone who runs LA
The Player of the Game was the backboard for blocking every easy shot from the Lakers in the 2nd half
Bron threw lmao
UP UP and AWAY!! SUPER WASHED Ain’t He??!!🤣🤣🤣🤣🤷🏾‍♂️. Stay low keep firing! The air up there is a tad bit different. LIVE.LAUGH.LOVE #striveforgreatness🚀 #thekidfromakron👑 #jamesgang👑 #bronknows
Gasol 😂
DETROIT 16-0 PLAYOFF RUN HERE WE GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Letting Mcgee/Dwight both go was a smooth brain decision. Gasol is beyond washed at this point. Complete nonfactor
$BLKE just went up but don't jump it's a fluke.
Flashes of 2011 finals for LeBron tonight. Walked away at the end too lmaoo
It was a tale of two LeBrons tonight. Scorching hot and tentative and passive.
my boy Blake. hell yeah
Michael Jeffrey Jordan doesn’t lose to the Pistons.
Just suddenly the Lakers look trash
see yall in the finals 😎
I’m just here to see the excuses made while also being happy that my bad team is still better then their record says.

Now back to losing for a top 5 pick damnit
I'm getting seriously carried away here. Keep it going please.
Detroit finally has shit
Throwback to Pistons KCP. Sheez
Make your free thr...(checks notes)... layups
Blake still does his thing against the Lakers lol
I thought the lakers had so much depth. 
League crazy this year
LOLOLOL
First time Lebron has actually looked old this season. 1/11 in the second half missing all sorts of layups
Imagine getting blown out by the pistons 🤣
Oof, feels bad to lose a game against a basement level team on a night that Lebron plays 36 minutes
ahahahaha
Lakers really let a washed up Blake Griffin look great again
second straight game lost in the 2 half because of vogel rotations,  way too many minutes for trezz and kieff who were terrible, not enough of caruso and other guards. all tho it was b2b so at least they have that excuse. nice game from pistons tho, especially shooting from ellington and blake, gg

btw, for the lakers fans saying that they should get a center on the buyout, why? he won't play anyway because of trezz, even gasol doesn't play enough when he has good games, unforunately this year's trezz is last year's rondo
Huh.
The box score is wrong. Kuzma had 22 on 9/17 FG  1/1 FT.
Embarrassing
Lol
Lakers were not ready for Delon and his 6 points. Clearly the difference maker.
so many missed layup and dunks on top of that trash defense
Fucking pain.

What an embarrassing loss...
Hopefully this will shut up those who say the lakers don't need AD. This team NEEDS AD to have a shot at being title contenders. Great job pistons, you completely dissected the lakers in the 4th.
Plumlee and Stewart in all the lakers heads so goddamn funny 

Fuck the lakers :)
If LeBron can't beat these Pistons how will he face the Bad Boys?
We’re getting an angry Lakers team fuck
Imagine losing to Detroit 

LeFraud
GG Pistons. Blake and Ellington were lights out tonight. Respect the effort.
How has Trez been playing? Worth the pickup at all?
Morris and Matthews just go out there and do absolutely nothing each game but brick 3s left and right and make mistakes on top of not really helping defensively. We desperately need an actual center, like an ACTUAL center, not Montrez Harrell, a center that helps out on the glass. Harrell is a very nice piece, but this Gasol and Morris nonsense just doesn't work. Morris makes a ton of sense in theory, but in actuality he sucks. 

THT should take all of Matthews minutes on a nightly basis and should only play in games where someone is sitting, like tonight. He's not good at all. 

Outside of those two pieces that I don't think will magically get better as the season goes on, I like the roster we have and think that we just got outperformed. But those two are just awful pieces in our rotation right now and we don't have better alternatives.
yikes we couldnt hit the broad side of a barn in the 4th...soooo many missed bunnies and layups

gg pistons
Lmaooo
What the hell
So much for not losing two times in a row
Lebron still upset over being called for a flagrant 1.
Schroder has been pretty underwhelming stats-wise this season, especially games like tonight with Davis out you'd expect him to have more of an impact.

Lakers fans is the ball just not going in for him or is he still adjusting to the offense?
Marc gasol and Montrez<<dwight and javale
Wayne ellington is such a beast
kuzma can't win with these cats
Griffin's not washed anymore??? Hehehe
The lakers have to run some playsfor gasol. man is averaging 3 field goal attempts a game in 19 minutes. He should at the very least have 6-10 opportunities to shoot, even if they just create a mismatch and have him shoot a three. He’s not javale or Dwight, he can space the floor when needed, but if he isn’t getting those opportunities now he’s not gonna hit them when they matter later
Just as we all predicted. Hard to contain a sharpshooter like Griffin.
Goddamnit we have too many wins.
never knowwhat pistons you will get…I know lakers were missing AD but still impressive
Nice win hopefully Blake’s trade value went up can we please trade him we are not going anywhere
Am I reading this right?

Marc Gasol, 0 points, 0-2??? 2 shots in 25 minutes? I know he isn't their focal point but damn
Lmao this sub is so odd.

If this was the clippers (a historically poverty organization), this post would have 10k upvotes and a billion awards. But the Lakers get off easy as usual lol

Imagine r/NFL dick sucking the Cowboys, or r/Baseball to the Yankees, like this sub is towards the Lakers?
EVERYONE GET IN HERE
lmaoooooooo everybody get in here
lebron you deserved that loss, you didnt respect the pistons / the game... believing your shot would continue to fall and Detroit's wouldn't.

frank let that be the last game you play Mathews before THT. smh
Lakers defense is overrated this season. The new players haven't helped with it at all. Rondo, Green, Dwight, Bradley... They are missed.

The offense is lacking lateral vision and for all the gravity around LeBron, the other players aren't finding the right passes and shots.
The Lakers are in serious trouble this year. I've been saying it all season.
This is just a glimpse of how the Lakers would be faring without Anthony Davis

Says quite a bit
[deleted]
 

This is the one PGT where I'd just rather have this sub lay into us, we suck

Vogel's lineups are garbage. Wes & Kieff are garbage, give all their minutes to Caruso & THT

I've said this since we got him, but Harrell doesn't fit this team. We shoulda kept Dwight for cheaper

I'm not panicking long term, we had longer losing streaks/slumps last year... but there are holes in this roster
Kuzma for exactly one GME stock
wow we are ass
Damn and I thought us losing to them without Embiid was rough. Maybe the Pistons have last year Mavs syndrome and lose games in the clutch
Who would have thought that washed Marc, useless Wess, Dennis inefficient ballhog, undersized Montrezl without shooting better than 5 super experienced former champions, 2 future HOF players and play off beast Rondo. Hm, yes, 99% of people have listened to the nonsense of ESPN / TNT etc so-called analysts
Dwight and mcgee are missed. The nba has been moving away from big men at the paint for some time now but the lakers going old school last season ultimately paid out. The blazers, rockets, nuggets and heat were stumped on how to counter ad + dwight or mcgee on the floor. This would not have worked well in the regular season but the slower pace of the playoffs worked well with the combo. Now, the lakers are just like any other team. Somebody's gonna get traded before the playoffs.
Lakers mega trash😂 keep hyping that bald bird Caruso
We clowned Philly for losing to the Pistons, without Embiid. Now we have to clown the Lakers for losing to the Pistons, without AD
i wonder if this will get 20k upvotes like when the nets lose
Time to sit back and watch the Lakers implode. This is about the time Lebron starts throwing his whole team under the bus and AD pulls his patented “I’m going to sit out until you trade me because why honor a contract” move.
Not sure how to feel about this because AD had been putting up average numbers (for him) all season and he misses one game and lakers get thumped by Detroit. It’s a good thing Lebron got himself a super team
What.The.Fuck
That boy Beef Stu to much to deal with in the paint, you’ll be hurting dealing with him
Can we just say that Lebron's greatest asset of being such an unselfish and team player can also be his downside. He could've taken over when the game was 87-88 and get the momentum but he was not just feeling it and let his teammates to get the ball
Blake heard y’all calling him washed
What the fuck
Wait, what?
This pleases me.
The Pistons are the real Robin hood and AD is the real MVP on the Lakers lmfao
I swear to God, if we didn't miss every possible shot at the rim, we would have won by like 10.  That was ridiculous.
Take my free award, Pistons
Two loss streak eh, poor LeMao.
Uh oh, the Lakers spiral has begun, better trade AD to OKC for Horford and some picks
Lakers are losing 3 in a row. Playing like absolute trash at the moment.
Were the Lakers hungover? Wth happend?
Blake said 3>2
I grew up with Wayne Ellington.  I was 2 years older but I was in 1st grade with his sister alexi-rae.  We played ball for like 10 years together.  I love seeing him still having a very nice career.  I'll always root for my mans.
The Lakers Starting 5 got their ass took by the Pistons Starting 5
I'm honestly surprised Wayne Ellington is still in the NBA
i love the pistons
Prior to the season, I felt like the Lakers lost some key players in Rondo, Howard and McGee. Smarts and size.
How has the Gasol experience been Lakers fans? Haven’t caught many of your games this year
Hate to say it but the Lakers are not repeating
the best version of this lakers team is going to be dennis off the bench providing that 18-20 points like he did last season
King James need help.
What the actual fuck was that 4th quarter.
They blew their load trying to beat us
LBJ really needs AD to win. This is your King? Jordan would've at least made 1 point in the 4th. Come on now.
I know the Lakers coast during the regular season but damn...the Pistons? Really?!?!
I thought LeGoat can carry anyone. I thought he is the MVP. Losing to the Pistons. Bring on the excuses asterisk, mickey mouse ring winners. LMAO!
score doesnt even begin to capture how bad it was. it was worse. teams playing like its game 7 vs the laker is something thats baked in to the cake, but even considering that the lakers effort was atrocious form top to bottom.
Who is going to stop this team with so much firepower this year? 😂😂😂
The Lakers are only so good this year because they’re taking advantage of the weak western conference. Bron could never win in the East.
Hell yeah keep sleeping on us!!

No seriously keep sleeping on us... this means nothing
This is ya'll MVP without AD? again without AD the Lakers are not a top 4 seed in the West.
*insert hot take about us being shitty*
This shit is just mid long road trip fatigue. Coming from hockey, theres a point where lack of energy plus fatigue plus being away from home (plus no fans this year) just results in dead legs
Cant blame Lakers for the loss. Any team would struggle without their mvp
uh. what happened?
[deleted]
Off night for lebron. Skip is cumming
Griffin scored more than LeBron, Gasol, Davis, And Morris combined!
Blake is still and aways will be a Clipper at heart
[deleted]
blake played fine statwise. thought this sub said he's washed and failed to adapt on his game
Oh is it the middle/end of january run of a Lebron team where they lose in ugly fashion a few times and everyone panics? Even though it doesn't matter every year and almost always sparks their end of season run? Cool.
Don't know how you can watch this team and say they're heavy favorites to win it all this year. It's the Clippers/Sixers/Nets
Fuck contenders. I’m not sure this Lakers team makes the playoffs at this point.

They lost to the PISTONS.

There’s a saying in the NBA that says “you’re always better than the team you beat.” The Pistons just beat the Lakers. Lmao
I'm starting to believe.
my respect for the pistons just skyrocketed
Nuggets started the year playing like garbage, now we are rolling. Watch out L.A. we are coming for that 3rd slot.  Give it a week or two
if you ever needed more proof that this season is fake
Not even bothered. These games happen to everybody.
Obviously these losses don't mean a thing for the Lakers.

But elephant in the room question - which Center do you think they'll pick up at the trade/buyout deadline? No way they'll be trotting out that corpse of player in Gasol when it matters this spring right?
I see the Lakers have started their "Are they really contenders" phase of the season. Remember when they lost a shit-ton right before the playoffs last year?
Can't wait for everyone to doubt LeBron and the Lakers again just to have the Lakers steam roll everyone to make it to the Finals again
Great win by the Pistons. Lets not forget AD was out tonight.
Why does Detroit keep buying washed up superstars to finish 29th instead of rebuilding?
We have seemingly lost all our fire and drive, I’m not so sure we even come out of the locker room at this point
Orrrr the Lakers will suffer a 3-game losing streak. 

It’s a high-risk/high-reward gamble for you guys really. So you better step up. 

Fuck the celtics tho. But i want a good game.
Nah, they suck. I expect another blowout in Boston from the Celtics like last MLK day
I'm hoping for an intense game. That Lakers Celtics game last season was fire
We got this shit.
Haha this is exactly what one of my best friends was saying. He’s a huge Celtics fan and I’m a Laker fan. We gonna watch the game over zoom gonna be a good one I hope!
vogel is vomiting rotations that make no sense, and AD has been checked out all season. and now they cant make open 3s. Easy win for the Celtics now that they are at full strength
Celtics got it in the bag. You guys seem to have a stable locker room
Lebron got something to prove now on Saturday
Better not take a lead or they’ll undercut your players at the rim.  Dirty ass team.
If he keeps this up, he could win MIP in his 11th year
> 4-9

Ew, sub-50? Get it together, Wayne.
I hope you guys call him the man with the golden arm like Heat did
When the hell did we get Wayne Ellington
Remember when this sub was losing its minds after we waived Zaire Smith and signed Ellington? Between that and Grant/Plumlee earning their contracts so far, it's looking like r/nba whiffed completely on our offseason.
We really could use him this year....
Ffs
He's playing like Miami Heat Wayne.
Golden arm
Trade his ass!
What y'all getting for him?
Wayne is fuckin nice wit it, loved him when he was with us back in the day
Law of averages
Still love him from early Cavs days
Wait he's played 7 games in 10 days :o
Wow. Dialed in.
Dude he looked great against us in both games
Another former knick thats doing well.
Who is this guy and why is he the best thing since sliced bread?
Imagine telling someone from 2010 that Blake Griffin would transform into an elite stretch big....
It’s gotta suck since they were undefeated on the road before losing to you guys last night. I feel like Celtics are going to get the wrath of lebron on Saturday
Lmao wtf pistons was on a back to back too
[removed]
GIVE THIS MAN SOME HENNESSY
Is it real that Blake Griffin hasnt dunked yet this season?
Blake Griffin is just a 6'9 JR Smith

LeBron punching the air rn
Prime JR Smith was jumping out of the gym. Riding off in the sunset JR was the 8 3s per game JR.
> INTO PRIME JR SMITH

Prime JR actually had hops though. You talking about late career, championship JR?
I dunno, Prime JR Smith could play some defense. How about PRIME RYAN ANDERSON!
Very ESPN stat, if anyone else is was curious this was his 4th game shooting 8 or more 3 pointers this season.
I guess Bron needs to train in the pool again to beat Detroit.
Feeling like '04, '05 again /s
Knocked off Philly and Lakers in same week
“Does the nets getting Harden hurt the Pistons’s title chances?”
Detroit has now beaten LA, Philly, Boston, Suns, Miami
[deleted]
Subscribe
Wanted to try and outdo the 4th quarter stretch against the Warriors.
As we all expected
If you can't look at that and see that this team is in trouble you have real issues.

Trading 'defense for offense' with their offseason moves and unable to score against the last placed team in the league. They relied on LeBron going ballistic the past two games and that's unsustainable.
Little did we know the East runs through Detroit
yall really broke them.. lebron looked more washed than blake out there tonight
started 7/10 and finished 1-12\*
He is washed but Lakers funs thought that he is big upgrade from Howard 😁
I'm starting to appreciate our 3-0 record against the Pistons a bit more now...
And they also beat the Hea... never mind.
That would be a good way prevent pre shot fouls
Add when a player gets fouled on a layup misses and someone follows it up with a putback or tip in and it doesn’t count. How is it that I be offensive team is punished because the defensive team committed a foul?
You are not wrong.
Clippers flairs too.
I'm just here to tell everybody about our quality loss.
I love watching these super teams get exposed when they have these nights, followed by the excuses.
Confirmed: If Pistons grab the eighth seed then they’ll be undefeated going into the Finals.  Remember this post!
Like actually wtf lmfao
‘Cept the Jazz!
Irrelevant statement because Lakers aren't looking like a top team right now :(
Does this mean the Bucks isn't a top team? /s
Please beat the Blazers. I’m desperate for validation.
Ezcept the bucks
Should be Old LeBron getting the rest days not AD. But then again, LeBron is chasing that GOAT status and scoring crown.
Blake finding his mojo against the Lakers makes my heart happy
Blake heard r/NBA talking shit and decided to educate some nephews
He's more young Rick Mahorn right now with Rodman energy, but next year when he's draining 3's he'll add in the Laimbeer. All ABOARD!
Rest assured, if you sit your best player, we **will** beat that ass.
I think this puts an end to the Lebron vs Griffin debate
Couldn't be me
We also said this in 2004. Lmao
[Imagine getting swept in the Finals by them](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1989_NBA_Finals)
Welcome to the club
Couldn't be me
He played well, but it's easy to see he's still severely limited by his lower body.
Dude clamped himself in the 2nd half. Ridiculous amount of pull up threes and just bad shots in general.
The air up there is a tad bit different!
Did he foul out again? i didn’t catch most of the game. If not that’s awesome.
Lakers couldn’t hit water from a boat tonight.

And y’all seemed like you couldn’t miss.
No AD in there to totally blow the coverage on. 

- Signed, Salty Nuggets Fan
On a slightly unrelated note, fuck Robinhood.
fuck robinhood
Lebron James missed 11 of his last 12 field goal attempts. Man didn't do anything at all in the second half.
LeBron scored 0 points in the 4th. Not ideal
6 minutes without a score in 4th

missing layup after layup after layup

brick after brick after brick

I can really only say maybe they are tired
https://knowyourmeme.com/photos/1482634-pikachu-boner
ya he got tired, it's b2b and he played like 10 minutes straight at the end, like what the fuck are they doing... 39 minutes yesterday
Yeah it was another meltdown. We legit suck right now
what'd he say? oh you mean during the game
Hey suns, 




Help
Most points scored in total in Staples by any living player
Can’t tell if this is an actual tweet from Lebron or not
my favorite one is bronknows
Lmao.
Look at the minutes. Anthony Davis didn’t play, Leviton played the entire game. 

Looks like LBJ can’t even lead a first seed team against a non playoff contender. Sad....

And people compare him to Michael Jordan.....
National treasure
When the Lakers signed Harrell and Gasol, and the Clippers got Ibaka, this sub let Lakers fans get away with acting like either we’re better than Ibaka
For every nice give and go it seems like he gets blown by four times. Painful to watch lately.
eh id feel worse if Javale actually played during the playoffs. Not stoked about losing Dwight but he also wasnt relevant besides the Nuggets series to frustrate Jokic
Basing this off of one game is hilarious. 

McGee and Howard were not playing big minutes in the playoffs last season. 

Gasol is worth it for the spacing and passing he provides alone. Davis will be at the 5 in the playoffs and when Gasol isn't playable, just like he did last year when McGee and Howard weren't playable. 

The Lakers offense this year is much better and their three point shooting is much better precisely because they don't have dudes like Howard and McGee clogging the lane.
Nobody listened
BLKE to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
2012 LeBron vs 2011 LeBron
I have to say I like the adventures of Blake Griffin, Stretch Four
**ahem **
As someone who started watching the NBA in the fall of 1990 and who refuses to learn anything about its history...

I concur.
See Lakers fans it isn’t easy winning a game when your second best player is out

Imagine missing your 2nd and 3rd best player for 2 games...umm that scenario seems familiar
....no fade for Cade....

Damn
“Hahah we weren’t even trying dude, we’re coasting all season. Every time we lost, we were still the better team we just took the night off. Your teams trash.”

— Lakers fan with Alex Caruso flair
I wish there wasn't more injury risk in competing harder but there is
Holy shit I almost forgot you guys are on a tear. Congrats. The consolation in our current shitty play is you guys being the 1st seed is probably pissing off Shaq. Keep making those edited posters lol
Sorry to disappoint yall tonight.
Enjoy that top spot! You guys deserve it with the way you're all playing.
The Jazz may never lose again
MBGA
Gasol is washed.
Lakers just need to pile up the points, like they did against Philly. Getting Trez & Gasol are a downgrade on defense on specific matchups.
i saw somebody arguing that this lakers team would be a top 3 team without lebron or ad. some fans are fucking delusional
Stew gotta be my favorite player
Love some Beef Stew, had LeBron and Giannis big mad when he played them
“Hans....aren’t we the baddies”

-Confused Pistons Fan
Thought the same thing damn smh. We weren’t gonna be a trap game for them anyway
Nah, they didn't look like they even cared tonight.
Nah, this Lakers team is so fucking incompetent. I expect them to lose in Boston
Cheers
Good on you man
ass
We don't call this r/Lakers2 for no reason.
It really has been. This team is worse defensively it's not even funny
If their plan is to rely on LBJ to bail them out, it's not going to work.
Lakers need another big man gasol ain’t cutting it, trez out here using up all his effort boxing out that we need an extra body to grab a board, paint defense been ass all season, we just need a back up for gasol he ain’t even playing 20 min anyway
You're dooming. Calm down

That being said, we do have holes that expose us as not 'clear frontrunners' for the title. We lost our defensive identity with the Harrell - Dwight swap, Vogel's lineups suck, and we're on a real tough road trip schedule.

Sounds crazy, but I'd honestly wish we could dump some of the filler garbage on our team for McGee if he's bought out, or even trade back for him (crazy ik). I'd rather have that defensive identity & culture that he brought, because no matter how stupid he was he played hard every damn minute
Not really since the team would be structured differently if we didn't have AD.
way too early to be saying this but our lack of paint defense def concerns me. Then again tho we didnt even use Javale in the playoffs and only Dwight to make Jokic frustrated plus AD has been coasting to say the least
>This is the one PGT where I'd just rather have this sub lay into us, we suck

They won’t though for some reason. I’m not sure what black magic Lakers fans did to this sub, but any Lakers equivalent in other sports sub are easily the most hated team.
Kuzma had 19 and 10 but you wanna get rid of him...
can confirm. I don't think we're ever in a position to win most close games because the team just isn't good enough. I've said we're 1 non-washed Blake Griffin away from being too good for our own future.
Lmao you really tryin to make it sound like Javale and Rondo were better than Trez and Schroeder ?
Lebron greatness is real. The other players though been lookin washed
Idk why you even speaking after losing to the cavs twice
Off of three early regular season losses coming off of a championship run? I can't tell if this is sarcasm or if you're delusional.
I def still think you guys are repeating if you make it to the finals

And I have no reason to believe y’all won’t make the finals
They're not coasting. They're just really incompetent
LeBron is playing too many minutes for "coasting". The rest of the team yeah. They on vacation.
We aren't actually as bad as our record. We're tanking but compete in every game, but usually try to pull out an L at the end
What has Giannis won lmao?
i mean Bron Bron missed the playoffs with Lakers before
ESPN headline: LAKERS SHITTY NOW, and 3 other reasons Detroit will win it all
Can't compensate for the goat caruso
what do you mean? Caruso was on the floor tonight?
Ad didn’t even play?Man isn’t playing to his best ability early in the season and already saying trade him.
He also was never as good as advertised and won one of the worst dunk contests ever
Its been a quarter of a season and it's already apparent how bad of a fit Harrell is and that Gasols bubble wasn't a fluke
He’s washed man, his activity is poor
Because they lost on the second night of a back to back without AD? Lakers fans are so fragile
Umm, excuse the fuck out of me.
The nets have done nothing to suggest they are contenders. 

Talent without roster construction =/ championship
The Clippers are trash
Its called Lebron James bro
Clippers are trash
lmao let’s not get carried away here, not making the playoffs??? that’s an insane take
There’s still time to delete this comment
Dumbest take I’ve ever seen lol and no that’s absolutely not a saying. Lesser teams beat better teams all the time, even when fully healthy.
They'll be contenders, but only barring injuries. If AD gets a serious injury theyre toast. They got worse in a lot of ways in the offseason
lmao how is that obvious?
Bruh we’re 1/4 through the season and we’re previously 10-0 on the road. I would’ve hated to see what you would say in 2000-2001 when we underwhelmed after winning the title
Typical middle of the season January road trip stuff

This is a veteran team so I expect them to snap out of it. It's just nobody likes losing, and they just lost b2b games for the first time in a while
Please continue to overreact to a January game against the Pistons.
*loses 2 games 

wE hAvE lOsT oUr fIrE aNd DriVe
It’s two games bro. Plus this was the second half of a back to back after losing on a game winner in a hare fought game against Philly, and no AD? Chill
NBA fans are so insufferable when they say stuff like this. Like you know what going in the team. Fuck off!!

Lakers are still too in the west and two games isn’t gonna change anything
I'm of the opinion that you're being sassy af and these dense people are missing your point.
Why am I picturing Jaylen pushing tissues under the locker room door, trying to coax a weepy AD and Bron out (a la the Kleenex commercials)?
and most importantly, fuck the celtics.
Tbf we suck lately too lol
I sure hope so 🤞🏽
Tbf Brad's rotations are in shambles too. I love the guy and I guess he's experimenting, but he seriously went twelve deep in the first quarter yesterday, and didn't have either Tatum or Brown on the floor for half of a close 4th quarter which let Kemba and Smart shoot us out of the game.
True, but AD I think can easily Check back in at any time. Wouldn’t surprise me if he turns it up on Saturday.
What's good with AD? The few games I watched he does appear to be checked out or injured.
Lakers have a stable locker room, they just happen to suck right now.
I was mad at LeBron yesterday too. Different game now.
Lmao if Wayne Ellington steals it over grant and wood I’d actually love it
> MIP

Most improved percentage
just due to a high 3P%? Wayne has always been a good shooter man.
OK. Who was the oldest (in number of seasons) MIP ?
Jordan clarkson
Was at 50, but then missed one with 33 seconds left in OT.
Fucking trade him, trash player, overpaid.
I really liked him on the heat. Kind of disappointing to see him riding the bench for the last couple seasons, always considered him one of the best shooters in the league.
When they brought up his % stat I had 3 immediate questions - dis dude is still in the league? He's a piston now? He's a fucking sniper????
I guess Troy Weaver is smarter than Reddit.
I guess his down year with us was an outlier. He was legit unusable for us and got benched after not even his shot fell. I'm glad your org + weaver seem to make interesting moves that paid off so far.
Haven't watched much pistons bball, but is plumlee actually earning that contract? Not hating, just genuinely curious
I mean we're still a bad team. Just cause these players are balling out doesn't change the losses we've racked up. And we are trying to tank, so this win ain't helping.
Plumlee has been ass besides this game. He literally fouled out like 3/4 games in a row
point forward
Who shoots 37% from the field.
I actually would have believed you lol
I don't think he is elite atm,he could've been if not for injury though.
It's a joke that this sub posted that clip where commentators were talking about how Griffin never adapted to the 3 pt game, but he's more than capable of shooting the 3 well when healthy. In 2019 he started out something like 40% on 7 attempts a game, you couldn't leave him wide open. That's when he had his career high in PPG too.
The Celtics always get the wrath of LeBron :( I have confidence in our squad though
Lmao wtf pistons was on a back to back too
LeBron is gonna eat that poor Tatum boy
It saves a lot of energy to not even be invited to Orlando. Big thanks to the Cavs for doing their part for the environment.
#HENNYTHING IS POSSIBLE
Let that sink in. Russ and Blake griffin can no longer bang out like they used to. Two of the most explosive players of our generation are fading before our eyes. We’re getting old boys.
Gimme your ring...hurry up.  Gimme your ring
"You think Mike trained in a pool?"
Or call up another top 5 player.
I really don’t get Detroit at all, they seemingly always have close games and then they occasionally can’t miss anything again teams in the upper half of the league.
Detroit vs. errbody
What the fuck lol
*Cleveland sends its regards*
Ah yes the beautiful city of Suns
Hey, Miami is a shell of who they were last year. Butler has played only the first 6 games all with a tweaked ankle then got COVID (or something else), baby GOAT Herro has missed like the last 7 games, few other dudes missed like 2-3 games. Think we had 7 or 8 on our game day roster for a few games.
[deleted]
and no one else lol
Who had they lost to?
What's the opposite of GME?
In Detroit’s defense, we’re not the worst defense in the league and we’re 4th in the league in creating turnovers, so we can hold our own some nights.
Dwight wasn't changing things. The issue was going from Rondo to Schroeder and the downgrade on defense.
Idk that sounds like a pretty good strategy in the playoffs
Can’t have shit here but everyone still running through it
Since 2004.
TT is really never living that one down is he?
He had 22, 7 and 10.  Shot 50% from 3.  That's not what I would call washed.
I like he started 7-7 then proceeded to go 1-12 the rest of the game
Only as a passer thus far but really all that matters is if he can contribute in the playoffs. Part of me feels like he’s coasting somewhat and has more to offer
That 12 or 13 game win streak you have against us still hurts me lol
Yeah Detroit has no answer for Giannis. Not like anyone really does, but he gets whatever he wants against us and the rest of the team just joins in on the feeding frenzy.
Like, in football you can also decline penalties, it'd be a bit tricky with the foul count sure, but in soccer you can get a yellow card after the advantage is given so it's not even that.
I like this, it would stop the were up by 3 with 5 seconds left, I'll just foul so they can't shoot a buzzer beater.
Yes! That's one that I had in the back of my head but couldn't remember it, especially when the offensive team isn't in the bonus and it doesn't even lead to free throws, it's so stupid, why are you giving an advantage to the team that's fouling?
Jazz is a super team right now smh. Gobert Conley Spida are all stars
Exposed?
Don't put that evil on us. We're on the same side!
Uh-oh. We just repeat 2019 then.
And the Bucks apparently. Da real best 1 seeds
Shoutout to our G-league affiliates 😤
Blake still helping the clippers out
\*rest assured\*
on the road too, lmao
See you in July
Payton and Malone in shambles.
So the Pistons should be in the Finals again in 2027.
I know you weren't posting about 2004, but my favorite meme from the Lakers-Pistons 2004 finals was "swept in 5"
https://i.imgur.com/NXt9Wmc.jpg
Lebron went from god tier in the 1st half to 1-9 in the 2nd half. That b2b definitely made him lose his legs
Only 5 tonight
Nah he had 3 in the first half but came out better in the second
Shooters shoot
Wayne Ellington is genuinely scary right now, I’d imagine a scenario where he, Jackson, and Bey come off the bench and just snipe with impunity.

🤤
On a higher unrelated note, fuck Robinhood!
I'm from Nottingham. I know you mean the trading company but its weird seeing Robinhood mentioned so much right now.
[That's what happens when someone smaller, younger, and less athletic than you takes your crown AND throne. And then makes you dance for his amusement.](https://a.espncdn.com/combiner/i?img=/i/headshots/nba/players/full/3981.png&w=350&h=254)
Loved how angry he was with his teammates like he wasn't chucking bricks that whole time too.
He saving it for the Playoffs where it actually matters.
After that Kareem record
to be fair, he didn't do much in the 4th quarter against the 6ers either
Eh it's just that Bron doesn't care about mid season games. You'll fuck around and get the first seed.
Bruh
it’s an actual instagram caption
It's real
instagram post: https://www.instagram.com/p/Bvo_9JNgwZU/
It is, someone will link it for sure
Bronk Nows!
I agree that without AD those Lakers ain't going anywhere but don't act like Jordan didn't need help either.
the second the signed harelli was so happy. not because they took trezz from us it just confirmed they wont get ibaka.
He wont even shoot open shots anymore. Its like he is playing in slow motion. 0 pts out of the starting center is just not going to work
Let’s not act like the Heat didn’t beat a Celtics team with a hobbled Kemba and no Hayward
Is everyone on this sub going to pretend like they were not shitting on that Gobert contract as well? The complete 180 here is pretty funny.
*hates the lakers* *goes into literally every thread and the fans are chill as fuck*
Make Blake Griffin Again
no, he's not, he has been decent this season and the team is better with him on the floor
Jesus christ what the fuck are you on about?
The fuck are you on about, they’re 14-6 and have the two best players in the league. Don’t be a reactionary Andy
...well I appreciate your candor.
You mean r/LeBron.
Yeah the weird part is that it’s not just Lakers fans, you see random flairs bending over backwards to defend the Lakers and their fans lol
They literally have the top ranked defense by a solid margin.
r/Lakers thinks LeBron has never lost a playoff series lmao
Aron Baynes is your man
McGee is trash my man. He is unplayable in the playoffs. Dwight was only playable in certain matchups.
I am not "dooming", I've been saying this since the offseason.
There's just a ton of Bron stans in this sub. Combine that with the popularity of the Lakers (+ bandwagoners) and you get a very pro-Lakers sub.
Yes. He can help other teams with his 19/10
Rondo has 17 PER in fucking Play Off. Schroeder has 11 PER in regullar👻 It is not even close. Rondo is so much better for teamwork. Better fit.
Because they got their fair share of clowning for that too? They had their turn now its the lakers turn, nobody gets special treatment unless they underdog darlings like GSW this season
Eh. Little bit of A little bit of B. Hopeful I guess more than anything else.
How is the fan base reacting to both scenarios? I imagine you guys don't want Bron to be putting in a ton of minutes in the regular season, but as for the rest of the crew being on vacation, is it just a matter of knowing they'll show up come playoff time and it's sort of brushed off for now?
You guys sound just like the Raps this season. We always figure out a way to get the L in the 4th Q.
a ring. oh wait, wrong antetokounmpo
they were super injured though to be fair
[deleted]
It’s an absolutely idiotic take. Not even worth a response but here we both are haha
Hater for no reason. Suck my shit from the back💪
Dwight was ok, but they needed an upgrade over both
They lost the first game of a back to back too. Granted, it was a 1 point loss vs the East-leading Philly, but still.
It's alright, just makes the incoming series that much better when we win in 5
They also got better in a lot of ways. Just gonna take a while to get the kinks worked out. Not worried at this point lol
This feels very much like the December stretch when we lost 4 straight games in row
lol seeing everyone act like the sky is fallin is hilarious
This, this right here is truth
Its dangerous to coast with a new roster though. Other repeat teams in history could afford to coast because the majority of their roster were the same as the previous year's when they won. But this 2020-21 Lakers team has a lot of new guys. Important that they follow last years formula by going hard in the first half or 3/4 of the season THEN you coast going into the playoffs

Im overreacting abit but whatever lol
I don't think it's an overreaction, he's just saying the team right now isn't playing with fire. Didn't say anything about the long term future of the team.
Davis has been performing below his career average so far this season.  He seems a bit off so far, but good thing Lebron has been godly this season.
While I do think there’s a motivation issue the last couple of games, I don’t literally think they won’t come out of the locker room haha
That's not all you have in common.

You both took L's to the Pistons
With Tatum back we are much more of a threat. But I'm not holding my hopes high.
I think yesterday was some dumb notice-me-senpai shit to Popovich, like hey check out how I'm experimenting with all these lineups check out my squads Pop look I'm using the zone what do you think about this. I kind of get it, it's early in the season where it feels like less of a big deal to take gambles and potentially throw a game away and he wanted to get some data both on potential lineups as well as see how one of the greatest ever reacts and adapts to it.
a theory is that he's never had a playoff run and with the quick turnaround he just has no energy or is trying to save it. lebron is used to quick turnarounds. he's in the finals half his career
Ahh gotcha. Either way, I love seeing the Lakers lose.
Not that different...

https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/l7gtcu/highlight_kcp_with_a_flagrant_1_foul_on_plumlee/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Pistons must be doing something right is all these MIP candidates are coming out of them
No mention of Boucher? Shame!
Randle?? cmon bruh
I don’t want to hear any excuses, Wayne is losing his touch clearly.
Just awful. Send him to someone who doesn't need him. Send him to the bucks. They suck anyway. Cough cough, but please send him to the bucks.
He’s always been a fucking sniper
Wayne Ellington was the original beta tester of the dribble hand-off 3s that you see Duncan Robinson feasting on these days
That why he ever had a job, mans been a sniper
Hr was on the Pistons in 2019, signed with the Knicks in 2020 and is back again lol
Always demand for shooters who are ready to play.
Impossible.
He sits on the front of a roller coaster with his hands up, how can you doubt such a man.
I think Weaver is quickly proving why the Reddit hivemind are so wrong. We’re only 2 months into the season and Ellington, Plumlee and Grant have already developed into great trade pieces for contenders. 

Don’t see how people didn’t see this coming with Weaver being Presti’s right hand man in the past. It was obvious he would try to acquire a bunch of role players to see who could turn into trade bait. It’s not like the Pistons had a crazy amount of draft capital in the first place so these moves are definitely welcome

His decisions over the next few seasons are what’s really gonna matter as we’re gonna have to be hitting on our draft picks and use our cap in a smart way with DRose and Blake coming off the books
It doesn't take much to earn an $8M contract, but yes he has. 


For reference, he's making $1M more than Baynes, the same as Poetl, same as Thomas Bryant, $1M less than TT, $2M less than Meyers Leonard, $4M less than Olynyk, etc.
He’s been a defensive/rebounding force. Plus he’s a solid vet leader.
He’s been playing very well for us so far this season
Dude was point Blake back in 2014 when cp3 was off the floor. Really impressive, sorta proto jokic in a lot of ways
I may or may not have taken liberties with the definition of elite.
See ECF Game 7 for an example.
I think we rested AD on purpose. They gotta get ready for that match up on Saturday and I'm so excited.
[removed]
Russ can def still yam it and is hella fuckin athletic still. He had a quad contusion, not that big of a deal
And Bron is swatting blocks with his head at the rim. And Wall Street can fuck you over for new Ferrari's but we can't buy stock and sell for profit to feed our families. Let that sink in.
Shit russ is treading down too?
turns out jumping up high in the air can be bad for your lower body
This brings me back to the Something Awful days where the joke was "You think Mike trained in a pool? "No, but he did pee in it". That was top comedy back in 2007.
I wish lol
We are not that bad, we just can't close out games
Best worst team in the league baby, we come out hungry against them top seeds
It's Blake.  If Blake hadn't been putrid most of the season,  our record would be better.  We're playing average NBA veterans 30+ mpg. It's too much.

My prediction is that we don't finish with bottom 3 record, and I'm unhappy about that.
Lol for real. I was so nervous when we played them the second time cuz there games are always close n when we miss embiid we look like shit n well, I was not wrong.
Somehow Bucks blew Pistons out left and right but none of LA/Boston/us can finish them off the 2nd game lol
Yeah I’m still not sure why the random collapses.

I’m just happy the young guys are getting experience and not giving up when down
We beat the teams we’re not supposed to and lose to the ones that we are
We can take the east, we just choose not too
I am always nervous when Nuggets play vs botom tier teams, last seasons we had blowout vs Knicks and two loses versus Hawks.Those teams have nothing to lose and one in 10 games some contender is getting torched, on the other hand I always felt Orland grabs that 8th seed in the east because they always destroyed bottom feeders and were outclassed by better teams.
We have an incredibly young team

I've been impressed that we've only had a few games that were out of reach. All our games have come down to the wire
I think you guys are far better than your record indicates
No excuses, the Pistons were clearly the better team today, BUT since you wanna talk about “health”, AD didnt play today chief
AD was out?
That's the BRU index
Rondo was worse in the regular season bruh
[deleted]
For what it's worth, he was largely unplayable in the playoffs last year. He's washed.
If we can just convince Bud that every playoff team is secretly the Pistons, we'll be golden!
was fun throwing the rookies into the fire against him tho lol
They could just have a 1 second window to score in a situation like that
We didn't lose to the pistons lmao
Secret Agent Blake
Rest assured
I think they'd take it.
A personal best!
Big dick Plumlee owning the lakers, you gotta love it
on an even higher note: people shouldn't be playing with stocks if they don't understand counterparty risk
I thought you were referencing that Giannis clip from last season, but yeah this definitely makes more sense
lebron good game: "leCOAST, this is what happens when lebron actually tries, GOAT, MVP"

lebron bad game: "wasnt even TRYING, saving it for the playoffs"
He played 35 minutes my guy. He played damn near 40 a couple of nights ago
Tell it to the people calling him MVP
yes but he can defend the bigs very well
it is pretty funny, i guess if they’re siding with the jazz because they dislike shaq i’ll take it.
The Shaq hate isn’t because he simply said Gobert had a bad contract though. Shaq went  a fair bit further than that with his criticism and pettiness.
We have the technology!
Wrong.
True chainz
Who have they played? Easy to have a top ranked defense when they haven't played any. The 2 they did play they lost(Clippers, 76ers) they only won 1 against a team some considered top ranked but I don't,  Mavericks
They'll be fine if AD's right, but the margins get smaller.
I wanted us to keep Dwight and have been sayin since day 1, but we’re not getting him.

McGee might just get bought out, and most importantly snagging him takes away options the Nets are desperate for
Were you saying it when Lebron dropped 46?
So we have to play Kieff 25 minutes a night. No thank you!
We lost to the pistons without embiid, they lost with three superstars
Fair enough
I don't know. I'm not convinced atm. People keep coming with stupid stuff like "oh it's just regular season". AD has been worse than I have ever seen him. Even his free throws have regressed. Trez is a mixed bag. Played some good games. Some ok. Last two was not existent. LeBron has been carrying a lot a team that should have made him rest and I feel he's gonna be tired come playoffs. Tonight was a good demonstration of what happens when LeBron can't carry this team.
Realistically... what would you even get for AD? No win now pieces would be better than him, and you wouldn't deal him for picks and prospects, that would ruin the end of Lebron's prime.
Not a hater for no reason, hes been overhyped his whole career compared to what people portray him as. Hes okay, never was amazing and he won't be.
You mean against the top team in the east? Lol are the expectation for the lakers to be 72-0?
Yeah, Jazz do that every season. We usually start rough for about 30 games, then pull it together.
When I was begging for Rondo to be traded.
People were worried last year too. These guys know the regular season literally doesn't matter. Might as well take it easy and stay healthy in the regular season as frustrating as it is for fans.
That would be hilarious though
Maybe y'all just don't suck?  :D
*furiously stares at flair*

What do you mean *we*?

EDIT: oh shit lol the comment above was collapsed so it looked like you had a Pistons flair. My bad hahaha
True. This may be different tho. Did the Lakers even get a month off?
And here I am, constantly pulling for D Mitchell an co in the playoffs.  Obviously not against us but last couple of years, against the Thunder/Rockets/whomever else?  Yeah.  

Days of Stockton/Malone and later Deron Williams are long gone for me so I have no real beef with y'all current squad (fans seem to insist on making it a thing however).
Holy fuck that's an ejection.
Yeah they’ve got a lot of room for improvement
Giving big minutes to mediocre players is what they be doing right don’t @ me
[deleted]
That UNC team with him and Danny green had some serious shooting for college ball.
Not always...
Wayne was an OG, he was solid with us
I thought he was out of the league, saw his hot streak so looked him up. Turns out just on the Knicks last year
Honestly, getting better management can be huge in turning a teams fortunes, for example before Olshey Portland had a bit of a reputation for a revolving door with the FO and coaching staff.
Huh, idk why but I thought he was at like 12-15 a year for some reason. This makes way more sense

>point Blake back in 2014

see it as what Ben Simmons could be.
When I saw that Blake, I was confused why the fuck they didn't utilize him like that more often. He was an absolute nightmare
That’s why we saw upside in trading for him. Saw it for that 18-19 season and it was very good and nice
Found Joe Flacco's account.
Which one?
Man you really took this personally huh
The more things change the more they stay the same.
We closed that shit out tonight though. Deeeeetroit!
We’re pretty fucking bad lol

Still love the way a lot of this roster plays, though.
At least I'm having fun watching games again
*2018-19 Laker flashbacks*
Wait you aren't Atlanta
I want Blake and Rose to play well. Can't help but root for them.

^^^what ^^^are ^^^you ^^^doing ^^^step-pistons!
Yeah I'm really disappointed in Weaver. It sounds like he does want the team to push for that 8th seed BS again instead of fading for Cade.
you didn't hear it from me but Mr. Antetokounmpo may or may not have the most sons in the city of Detroit currently
Giannis just hates us and we always have bad personnel to play vs the bucks
Drawing conclusions from single regular season games is silly

Just look at the standings after the dust settles and it is usually correct
Oh definitely, but it’s the part where we need to get  more consistent scoring.
There's a massive difference between washed and gassed.
Celtics small-ball & PR actions had Nurse play Ibaka/Siakam over Gasol. He'll give AD a breather apart from a passer come playoff time.
Yeah but perhaps the bubble and restart played a part in his poor play. Maybe I’m wrong, but I’m still holding out hope
Absolutely.
In soccer it’s up to the refs, they fuck up basically everything, but that’s the one thing they get right 99.9% of the time and there’s no fixed time limit.
That was a compliment bro
Congrats on having the best record in the league 22 games in 👏
He knows all the best underground tunnels
If they beat the Lakers again, I wouldn't be mad.
Robinhood turned off trading of GME but not selling the SEC did not tell them too they did it themselfs, no one could of accounted for that
You do know where that quote is from, right?
heads i win, tails you lose
Keep doubting you will see haha he has done it for 10 straight years and yall still doubting wtf.
Oh no anyways Lakers in 4 when it matters not some meaningless regular season game lmfao.
Well he is the MVP and he will win the Title and go back 2 back and FMVP i bet my account on that lol
no, that's just a fact, it's mostly lineups without him that are bad
I shluld say the Lakers did beat Milwaukee
spurs are a pretty good team in my eyes. they didnt have la12 the two games in san antonio though. but gave good fight vs the lakers  and lakers were without ad one of those games. those were quality wins in my eyes. and bucks win was great.
No, AD is not going to shoot like prime Dirk from midrange again
I think grabbing him to keep him away from the Nets is a fine option. I would assume that he would rather sign with them and actually play instead of getting benched on the Lakers though.
I don't think you can resign a player you traded in the same season.
Yes, I actually was because the Lakers barely won that game.
Let's just hope he doesn't break down having to carry the load. I've not seen much of the team this year, mostly just box scores, and those rarely ever tell the story of what's really going on. I have heard that Trez is all over the place though. Schroder has been fairly consistent for you guys though, hasn't he?
Putting up Karl Malone-esque numbers his rookie year but was only ‘okay’. 

Less talking, more sucking my shit from the back
They've been worse than their record suggests
Dude as a lakers fan... I appreciate you somehow trying to make the situation better for us lakers fans even when your own teams condition is garbage. Some lakers fans too entitled
Rondo was ridiculously bad during the regular season. I wanted to straight up cut him
I was begging every game for the Lakers not to play him. Then Vogel starts him. I beg even harder. So hard man. Then he’s out here playing 30 mins a game and Caruso is sitting on the fucking bench like the beautiful baby goat he is. God damn it but playoff rondo is really real
How do you get a player flair on desktop? I've been trying one of the google results but it hasn't worked. Don't want a simple team flair. Edit: I'm a Cs fan from India.
Not really no.
They seem to a be a threat in the west though. It might become a thing
If you still think Jerami Grant is mediocre you simply haven’t been watching
Ignorant
Wood broke out WITH the Pistons moron. That's the opposite of holding someone back.
what? wood, grant, ellington and jackson have all broken out while on our roster lol. keep reaching.
Ty Lawson actually shot really well from 3 too on that 2009 team.

Lawson, Ellington, Green, Hansbrough, Ed Davis, Tyler Zeller...
His previous contract in Denver was around $12M iirc, so maybe that's what you were thinking of
I mean, I don’t like how nostalgic we all get for old times, but we underestimate that the thing that made Blake such a notable freak athlete at the number one pick because he was so fucking strong that even while he’s posting a dude  up it’s like he was running em over, and he could do that while still playing primarily as a distributor
Same, honestly think if a coach even attempted to maximize that value or max the value of staggering him and cp3 better. I think a more strategic coach could have utilized that to make him unstoppable
I love doc still, and I can’t be mad at him, but I really feel like other than injury, not utilizing his amazing skill set was a big part of him not reaching that Durant level.
He's probably talking about 2018
Swept in the first round
BAAAASKETBAAAAAALLLLLLL!
not really. like he said we cant close out games. Our skill level is almost opposite of what our record shows.

our team is a huge wildcard
Fun fact: Giannis hasn't missed a shot against us in his career.
Everyone needs a team to randomly hate fuck. Giannis has the Pistons, Middleton has the Celtics...
It's better than not having the best record 22 games in
The SEC has restrictions on undercapitalized brokerages. No one really bothered reading the terms of service in the frenzy of the bubble, so people were even acting shocked that their shares were sold without their permission when they got margin called.

I don't like Robinhood because their business model is - in part - to sell order flows to high frequency traders so they can front run stocks.
https://i.imgur.com/SYhguWK.png
Im not saying otherwise im saying that typing these dumb comments in post game threads is stupid. He had a bad game. Its not because he wasnt trying.
They didn't even sweep a series last playoffs bruh. Also nobody's worried about LeBron. The Lakers supporting cast has been HELLA disappointing
!RemindMe 3 months
Lmao , your account is worthless.
stats?
After tonight we're somehow the 5 seed while only being two games above .500
THT or someone is else is likely going to have to step up to provide some bench minutes
or when the lakers washed the clippers and bucks?
That's what I fear the most for LeBron yeah. Shroder has been good. Not always great at scoring but does so many other things really well. Played some really good D. Caruso is getting better and better.
Oh his rookie year? He's been in the league for how long? He never lived up to the hype and even as a delusional Clippers fan you cannot be that fucking dense.
He would kill momentum every game in that stretch and then sit and the team would have to try to rally back.

That was when Caruso showed his meddle.
Schroder was ridiculously bad in the OKC vs Rockets bubble series.
He wasn't bad during the regular season. When bron was sick w/ flu, rondo lead the team
I'll never forget the Bucks and Clippers flat-out ignoring him in those losses last December. 

Pretty infuriating
I’m on mobile, not sure how I did it. I think you have to do it on desktop tho
Last game of the finals was October 11th and camp opened December 1st, so they had technically 45 days off. but a lot of that was consumed by championship celebrating I'm sure. And AD is used to 4-5+ months off because he didn't make the playoffs much, and even when he did it was only the first round once and the second round twice. He never played past May 8th.
True.  Until we play them in the playoffs though, they're just not on my radar in that way.
I think you can include Marcus Morris on that list too. He was considered by far the worse twin before he got to us.
[deleted]
It’s crazy that Hansbrough had the most hype and productivity in college but was likely the worst pro outta all of those guys. Still had a solid career, especially with the Pacers and those series he played against the Heat.
Hmmm not sure what games you were watching, but Point Blake doesn't work in half court sets, he also runs out of juice at the end of the game, compounding with turnovers its a bad combo.
I hope your day gets better
We’re no doubt better than our record and the truly terrible teams, I agree.

But we’re a huge wildcard only in the sense that we’ll either be really bad or slightly below .500.  We’re not good.  Our upside is being below average, which is the worst outcome in the NBA.
He was coasting and he had a bad game. He's been coasting all season
Dude you will learn once the Playoffs arrived that there is another Gear in LeBron and AD game they coasting using only 60 percent of their powers in the meaningless regular season doing just enough to get a top 3 seed.
I will when LeBron get ring number 5 i mean who is stopping him and AD in a 7 game series you have to relize the playoffs is built different.
Lakers in 4 in the playoffs where it actually matter regular season are meaningless to a championship team bro.
i meant his net rating, but ya, i checked and he barely plays outside of starting lineup so nvm, all tho i'm pretty sure that if you put him in the place of trezz with the bench group the team would get better. gasol is nowhere near what he used to be, but he's still a positive player
I don’t have the original source, but the Lakers Nation podcast named the best/worst lineups as far as +/-  

Marc Gasol wasn’t in either. He’s serviceable against other relatively immobile bigs. 

[His real +/- is -2.19. ](http://www.espn.com/nba/statistics/rpm/_/page/2/position/9) So, the Lakers are down about 2 points per 100 possessions when he is on the floor.
not some how. right fully earned and it still "early' in the season. and alot of games been ppd
We lost to the Clippers lmao
I'm sorry but schroder played like ass. Doesn't matter much cause he's coasting rn tho
You must literally have a tumour the size of a tennis ball in your brain. 

Nobody’s ever claimed he belonged on the NBA’s top 50 list, but when he played he was going competing as one of the very best bigs in the league, averaging 24&13 on Tim Duncan in the playoffs.
It's "mettle".
Shoutout to Caruso with that +4
DS now doing what we hate for Rondo in Regular season. Holding the ball for more than 10 sec without dribbling. Except he doesn't look to pass to AD.
mettle*
The crazy part is there should be worry about Lebron because of his age and miles on his body. Yet it AD lol. I get it though.  Not much time for the body to rest. Hopefully AD can play out the season.
How on earth could they have gotten rid of Griffin??
> You really think Blake Griffin is worth keeping over bringong wood back for the pistons?

literally nobody said that and that has nothing to do with the argument YOU are trying to make, you’re either an incredibly obvious troll or just don’t understand basic english lol
man you don’t really know anything about basketball do you lol
Had the most hype? He's largely considered a top 10-15 college basketball player ever and 2nd best in UNC history behind Phil Ford.
Important to remember that Hansbrough was National Player of the Year in 2008, but it was only when UNC made Ty Lawson the featured offensive player that following season that they won the National Championship.   It might have happened sooner had Ryan Reid not tried to break Ty Lawson's leg midway through the 2008 season.
I’m talking back with doc 14-16 era Blake when he still had his athleticism but I concede that turnovers would happen if you always go to it. Blake also gets me nostalgic. But I don’t mean this as 48 minutes or even a primary game plan. He could run point and necessitate a help defender  while running point.
TrUsT tHe pRocEss
i'm not talking about records bruh.
You do know that it is possible for LeBron and AD to lose in a series lmao. Its happened a bunch before lol
fair enough
fuck lol mb
You also must not have a brain at all but its okay you have a right to your opinion even if its incredibly stupid
It's actually "medal". Caruso brought out his third-place long jump medal from his junior year to show the team and that encouraged them to play better ball.
Stop meddling in his spelling of mettle!
Meddle*


The other teams would've gotten away with it if it weren't for that meddling accountant. And his goat.
My friend, there is no point in arguing with this one, he is sadly too far gone in dumdum-land
Trade?
Doc has definitely run point Blake back in 14-16, every time i see it, he's gassed and TO prone late in the game.  


He's fine going in transition but the half court sets were just not ideal. Also, if sets failed you will rather want CP having the ball.
Lol
It’s not an *opinion* that Blake Griffin put 24&13 on Tim Duncan for 7 games you fuckin dip
LMAoooooooo
“And who’s the fool that wears the crown?”
Just stop talking, you’re making us look bad.
Even average players can have good games, everyone labeled him a generational talent which by far he never was or will be is my entire point. Hes okay, not bad not amazing hes just okay.
it’s ok we’re used to being easy targets for people that have no idea how a basketball front office works. like bill simmons and joe dumars
Yeah everyone has good 7 game series against Tim Duncan... do you read the shit you type??
It’s ridiculous how unclutch this team is. Those last 5 minutes were a shitshow
How the fuck do you lose to the pistons lmao
Celtics crunch time offense is a crime against humanity
A good game celtics fans. Your young guys showed some promise and maybe one day you’ll steal a win off a true juggernaut like the Pistons.
I thought we brought in TT so things like Plumlee fucking dominating us on the boards wouldn't happen
Mason Plumlee had 500 rebounds with 400 of them being offensive rebounds, and you can't convince me otherwise.
Can we please end the TT-Theis experiment at the 4/5 together? It's fucking hideous basketball
Celtics ruined our perfect season 😡
Celtics had so many chances at the end there
We had so many good looks but just couldn't hit anything, the whole team was tired in the last three mins. GG Pistons, glad to see Josh Jackson playing well.
Man Detroit was trying so hard to lose the game at the end and yet they still win.
Celtics went the last 4:15 without scoring against the previously winless Blake-less Pistons. That ain’t too good
[deleted]
We lost this game in the first quarter. Came out with no effort on either end of the floor and spotted Detroit 20 points. It’s like because we beat up on Memphis they thought this was a gimme.

Embarrassing effort. Do better Sunday.
GG Boston
Solid win for Detroit. Grant is looking fantastic. This team is still very clearly in tank mode but it’s great we have been competitive.
Lmao imagine losing to a Detroit pro sports team
live by the smart die by the smart
Just bench Blake and get wins, ez enough.
We blaming hangovers or stolen whiskey?
The celtics have 2 good players, one solid guy and then the next best player is Grant fucking Williams...I honestly didn't realize they had this little depth.
Lakers legend Sviatoslav Mykhailiuk leads his 0-4 Detroit Pistons to their first win of the season
I’m just happy to get a W.
Let’s go. Great win over the Celtics!
Ah, another easy win for Detroit basketball
These guys were almost certainly hungover. They put in no effort the first half, played with some effort for a quarter and a half then were too gassed to do anything besides chuck contested threes the last few minutes
I wish I had the confidence Marcus smart has 

Game 7 of the NBA Finals and he'll take the last shot lol
Stevens drew up good plays at the end there but no one on the Celtics could execute anything in the final few minutes

Edit: They executed, but missed so many good looks
My Wiz finally got the win too.
It’s a good night for both organisations
Things you like to see: this
Brick after brick by the Celtics at the end
Can't even get mad. 

They went ice cold. Poor shotmaking cost them after Brad got them open there at the end. 

GG to the Pistons. They played hard and were up by as much as 21.
Without Blake? wow
Two questions because this was my first Pistons games:

1) Has Bey been that good all year?

2) I liked that Russian, what’s his deal?
That was the worst game I’ve seen in my entire life
Turned on this game with 3 minutes left and didnt see a single celtics player score
Nice.
Can we permanently bench Smart whenever crunch happens in the fourth? How has he not learned that his shot selection doesn't help close games....
I friggin' hate watching this team late in the 4th of close games nowadays, which hurts me to say because not that long we used to actually be pretty damn clutch. But for whatever reason since the bubble we decided that we're just gonna settle exclusively for 3s and long 2s in the final few minutes of the 4th. It's absolutely infuriating to watch this team make the same mistakes over and over.
I'm sad
Celtics need Kemba back. Their depth is questionable out there.
Celtics are pathetic dogshit
That 3 was one of the worst shots I’ve ever seen from Marcus
lol the lag on the game thread being posted, Celtics fans in shambles
Considering we were down 21 at one point i'll accept a 3 point loss lol
PISTONS WIIIINSSSS

Never forget #FireCasey

shit coach, dont develop rookies, shit ass rotations, no offensive game
What a nightmare end-game
Whole team, coaches, and the refs must've been out last night because that was literally one of the worst basketball games I've ever watched.

1st time trying to watch all Celtics (usually just watch the national TV). How do games like this happen?
contender for ugliest game of the season for the celtics. that offense looked so bad at times
Lmao
Shouldn't the box score show points, rebounds, assists, steals, blocks, turnovers, then the percentages? I feel like thats the traditional method literally every where else.
Disappointed. Brown/Tatum were amazing in that 3rd quarter.
Marcus, I know you got balls of steel but you gotta  be you know "Smart" about a pivotal possession.
Marcus Smart failed to mention the entire team drank his whiskey and then some.
Both teams were trying to lose.

But Boston earned it. You force *that* many turnovers for easy buckets, and you still have to claw your way to a loss?

Celtics earned that loss.
So the only time Tatum actually hit a ridiculously tough shot in the last minute was against us? Bet.

Wasn't just that one shot either, dude couldn't fucking miss in the clutch.
WE OUTTANKED THE PISTONS HUGE W
Smart is THE GUY late in the game.
Jays don’t have that clutch gene
Just tuning in, that's unexpected
Lose to Indy with no Dipo, win by 20 with Dipo next game. Expect a 20 point win on Sunday. This team is driving me Nuts lol

Edit: beat the grizzlies by 20 and then lose to Detroit. Whoops. Still expect a win on Sunday because they flip flop games
[deleted]
Celtics are too predictable without Kemba. 

The Pistons might have the worst roster I’ve ever seen.
Ever since IT left I swear the celtics have been so ass in the fourth
I didn't get the constant 3 point attempts. Even when they were up by 5
I mean no offense because I don’t watch a ton of Celtics games but does JT have any other go to move in the clutch besides a side step three on the left wing? This man loves that move for some reason
Now y’all get to experience what it was like to be a Mavs fan last year! But now we either get blown out or do the blowing out so it doesn’t get much better for us...
Sadly Danny won’t ever trade for Harden
You let Marcus Smart call his own number in a must score scenario
Jerami feasting though  


Bittersweet to see, really
Without Kemba or Gordon, our entire offense depends on the Jays. Smart can create but can't reliably shoot, Teague is serviceable but unreliable, Pritchard has promise but needs another year, and nobody else has a jump shot or can drive to the hoop.

You will see the Celtics on the wrong side of a lot of "uh what?" losses this year. We can still contend for a top 4 seed, but we badly need Kemba back.
You give Carson Edwards minutes
You steal Smart's Macallan and replace it with a karaoke set.
smart throwing offensively in the second half 

the person we signed for the sole purpose of rebounding couldn’t rebound to save his life(TT)

the jays can only hard carry the offense so far, we have literally nobody else who can reliably do anything productive offensively
I literally lol'd when I saw your starting lineup. 

Lmao fuck the Celtics
*sad woo hoo noises*
My best friend is a lifelong Detroit sports teams fan, and the other day he said the Pistons were on par with the worst teams in the entire league.

And then they beat the Celtics tonight lol, I'm gonna have to give him shit about his team winning when we hop on Warzone later tonight.
they heard bill simmons talkin shit
“Hi I’m the Celtics’ offense in the first 45 minutes of the game and I have DirectTV.”


“And I’m the Celtics’ offense in the last 3 minutes of a game and I have mesothelioma.”
[deleted]
The offensive execution was pretty good at the end of this game. They just missed a lot of good looks.
The last 2 plays we ran for Tatum and Brown were good, shots didn't fall though.
Celtics looking spooky
East runs through Detroit.
Help
I’d love for us to get Drummond just to see him regress to 5 rebounds a game
That's Mason "25 million dolla man" Plumlee to you, sir.
You overestimated Tristan Thompson immensely then
They got like every 50/50 ball in the 4th
Thompson is a much better offensive rebounder
I mean we can trade you Plumlee
robert williams is our best big by far, im sick of fucking watching theis and thompson already.  these guys just arent gonna cut it and the worst part is brad is starting them both.  im sick of it already.  just gross basketball.
I thought we escaped getting destroyed on the glass by Detroit when they traded Drummond. 

Guess not.
Amen
When we played them their shot wasn't falling... they were shooting 30-something percent, but the game was close and then they pulled ahead b/c we couldn't rebound against them to save our lives until later on in the 2nd half (and Blake Griffin not coming back for the 2nd half prob saved us).
I think Theis had made exactly one 3 this season, for the love of god just keep him at the 5 and stagger their minutes. Start Pritchard and see how he does, he couldn't hit 3s today but looked solid on defense and we know he can attack the basket which is exactly what we needed especially down the stretch.
Pistons absolutely deserved that win. Out played the Celtics completely
So many open shots too.
Felt like the first Q was a Tired team from the schedule, and yeah probably that end of the game too. I was expecting Brown or Tatum to win it on a 3 and just open shots missed. But, I'm happy with how Pistons played, Especially the young guys,and I felt we deserved the win.....I think Jackson's growth is here to stay, I was so pumped when we signed him
We didn't out-Lions the fucking Celtics, wtf
We’re better without Blake lol
We also scored 5 points in the first 7 minutes of the game, so not exactly great there either
As you should
FTC
We can lose all but three games but as long as we beat the celtics my season is happy
If you can't handle Marcus at his Dumb, you don't deserve Marcus at his Smart.
For all those draft picks the Celtics had in the kitty it's pretty shocking how poor their depth is.
Yep.
That’s why a harden trade makes zero sense because it would cost you Brown (Good Player) and Smart (solid player) leaving you without any chance of winning it all...for all the shit I’ve seen us get for not wanting harden it isn’t because he is a worse player than Brown it’s that we still wouldn’t win with him so why go all in now? Hayward leaving pushed us into a soft reset so we’re going to have to use this season to try and develop the ridiculous number of young guys we have hoping someone steps up.
Sloppy Slav is the 🐐
1) Bey has shown flashes but hasn't gotten the minutes to do too much. He got more run today with Blake out.

2) I assume the Russian guy you're talking about it Svi. He's actually Ukrainian, played college ball at Kansas. Phenomenal 3pt shooter, we learned last year that he can shoot high volume at good efficiency, as well as make some very timely cuts to the basket. His shot hasn't been falling so far this year like it was last year.
His inability to learn this is why I’m fully okay with letting him go. He seems to think *he’s* the man on this team.

He’s holding us back, at this point.
And it doesn’t help to have Scal say “yeah, I like Smart taking that shot”.

Seriously dude, Smart took a bad shot. Just like he always does at the end of games.

I think this team takes its next big step when they ship Smart elsewhere.
What's questionable about our complete and utter lack of anything even resembling depth
“NooOooo we’re legit contenders!”
Why does Sekou get no minutes?!
>win by 20 with Dipo next game

You mean by 5?
Neither do I tbh
Smarts pretty 50/50 on offense imo
It's really not that bad? We've been losing by blowing 4th Q leads, we aren't non-competitive. 2 of the 3 first Rounders showing up, Josh Jackson & Grant doing well with their extended roles. Plumlee's bleh and Blake can't move anymore but other than that I don't hate seeing anyone on the floor like I have with previous teams
2017-18 was filled with insane clutchness in the 4th q. It's been ass since then though
We were pretty good in the clutch with Kyrie
Kyrie was the only reason our crunch time offense wasn't horrible for a couple years. Even when he wasn't taking the last shot, it was because other teams were doubling him
How quickly they forget the hospital celtics
He just did something very different tonight and it was a great look to win the game. Just didn’t go down. He inbounded and then ran around and whipped back to the corner he inbounded near and took a very open 3. Smart and Jaylen each had good looking open 3s at the end. Just didn’t fall.
I mean it works
That's not a move. It's a last resort.
This has been a problem for the Celtics not just this year but the last couple years
Honestly I feel like Tatum gets a little too hero-ball ish late in games too.
We lost because Plumlee was boarding up on us
funny, that's how we beat you guys last year

if you can't handle Marcus at his dumb you don't deserve him at his smart
It was an open three for a decent shooter, and it gave them the opportunity for a 2-for-1. I don't understand why people are criticising that shot
the playoffs all over again.
Apparently it was a good shot tho. According to Celtics fans.
[deleted]
Thank god for Jerami tbh, I was so pissed we let go of Wood but Grant looks like a better player already ...
As much maligned as he is, that's where you miss Hayward, I get why you didn't overpay. This leaves them so vulnerable though if any of their top 4 gets hurt, Gordon gave you a release valve you don't have this year. And is it just me or has Danny's drafting been terrible the last few years?
I try not to hate on our players but dear god he is horrific.
Really seemed like Plumlee dominated TT on every board that mattered.
Even though the GOAT Saddiq Bey was there?
4-0
Eh, the first 18 minutes weren't too great either. Keep in mind that we came back from 21 to even be in this game.
Aaand I'm hearing those commercials again.
This made me laugh way too hard.
Yall just got your lead blowing out of the way early! If you blow a 21 point lead in the second and third, you can't blow it in the fourth!
I mean Jaylen just got phased out after dominating midrange. I feel like all of the shots came from three when they just needed one or two more to put the game away.
thats what happens when smart and grant williams are taking half the shots in crunch time.
Fuck! We’ve been downgraded to spooky
Cavs Detroit ECF
Yeah, you have to run or they will steal from you
If you don't like that, then you don't like Celtics basketball!
Drummond would destroy teams if he was on Celtics
He’s actually played like he’s worth the contract so far this year
"Reigning USA Basketball Team member along with our holy trinity"
He's just LeBron's double agent.
I'd like to see Timelord start or at least get big time minutes as our 5. If he can reign in some of his lingering mistakes he makes a big time difference on both ends.
Robert would have continued to play if not for the rose knee collision.
Actually he’s hit two 😎
Just wait till y'all play us. Celtics centers raining 3s on the Sixers is a tradition, Theis will sort himself out
Yea you guys played well, kinda stopped scoring with all the bricks in the middle of the 4th but pulled it through with some clutch offensive boards. With Blake back soon and the team finding better chemistry, it will at least be a really fun squad to watch with playoff hopes. Might need more consistent shooters to make a run tho.
Damn is he really that bad now? Or he just doesn’t fit?
Flight team stand up
Yeeeeah fuck the clippers!
I’ll never understand why random fan bases hate us so much
a lot of biiiig misses with their mid-first round picks will do that
They are kind of a meme team. Teague, TT, Tacko, Carson Edwards, etc. 


None of those guys get meaningful minutes at this point on a championship team
In the short term the celtics would be better with harden. Whether that's whats best for the franchise is up for debate. Similar discussion happening with my sixers
which one again points out the complete failure on Ainge's part to do anything with the trove of picks he's had over the past few years - he's got Brown/Tatum and a bunch of very average, low-ceiling, bench players
I'm not sure how you can be critical of Smart's shot choices without mentioning Tatum
I mean we are a top 5 team in the league but yeah its between Lakers bucks Nets and clippers
Casey don't like him, he said Sekou needs to earn his minutes, then he plays Sekou 10 min and expect him to do miracles
Oops ya I was thinking about the grizzlies game. Brain fart
Let’s not talk about that game that happened between the Rockets and the Celtics in Boston that season.
I agree. Kyrie outclutched the Raps even when we had Kawhi. I remember him taking over in the 4th against us both games in Boston during our championship season.
Oh it definitely does. It’s just one of the things I noticed when people talk about how stagnant the the Celtics clutch time offense is so I wanted to ask about it because I don’t watch enough JT to know if he does anything else
careful mate... JT stans will beat you up.
For sure
This is correct. I was honestly surprised that the final shot was a play drawn up for JB and not a Tatum ISO
Who else is getting buckets late in the game besides him? Smart? Theis?
Also Jerami Grant is apparently the greatest two way player of all time
? That’s not true.

In the last 5 minutes of our 5 close games, Marcus Smart only made 1 shot (and it was off a catch and shoot from a Kemba pass in game 6).

[Take a look youself](https://go.nba.com/5fzd)

I feel like you just wanted to get the “Celtics beat the Raptors” jab in so I’ll allow it
I’m not talking about the open shot, I’m talking about the off balanced, left handed floater he tried off of the Tatum miss

Edit: [Watch this from 8:40 to see the play I’m talking about.](https://youtu.be/u9kOFYKMK-8)

You got the rebound, reset and get it to Tatum
The open lay up or the open three?
The 3 was very clearly a good shot. The iso mid range shot was very clearly an awful shot. No "apparently" about it.
It is. It's an open 3. Why work methodically for another shot when time isn't on your side?
I hated that shot idk about anyone else. He really loves going for the 2 for 1s but that whole final stretch was horrible.
Let it all out
what did he do to you bro? 

you seem like you have a lot of unresolved anger
Must still but upset as marcus smart helped send you to the couch last year
Well he stated Jaylen Brown and Jayson Tatum, Payton Pritchard who looks good so far, grant Williams has been a solid bench piece, Robert Williams is promising, Romeo shows promise when he's on the court there hasn't been alot of misses imo
The recent drafts? You mean where we've drafted 14, 14, 22, 26, 27, 33, 47, 51? Langford and Nesmith (the two 14s) have been hurt and I don't expect all that much from picks after 20.
Yeah it's hard to hate on any NBA player because they're much more talented than I am, but good lord he's not ready for the NBA.
Boston's really like a three man team right now though, somebody's gotta get those other minutes.
> I try not to hate on our players

76ers fans don't even know what this means
Dude he's a good player.
He got two 1on1s guarded by plumlee and couldn’t get by him. That’s on JB
No he didn't lol, He and Tatum was taking turns creating at the end.
Wiz vs Pistons in the “Fade for Cade” Championship Game.
He's definitely a respectable rotation big in the regular season. A little overpaid so we meme.
triple-double watch back on imo
rob with his mistakes--which im first to call him out on--still provides a much bigger difference than those other two big guys.
Daniel "leading fouler in the eastern conference" Theis rarely gets criticism for his mistakes, but Rob gets slightly beat by a great offensive play and it's like people jump on it as the biggest mistake. It's so strange to me to see
definitely.  im just saying.  thompson hasnt been as impactful as i expected and theis has straight up been our worst big.  disappointing.
His first two
It was actually during the series against you guys that his shooting woes started, there was just one moment in game 1 where he briefly hesitated on an open look like "should I really take this or pass it," shot it, bricked it, and since then it's like he's been mindfucked. Before that he was actually getting to be really good from 3 for a center. Now other teams have caught on and are daring him to shoot and it's getting in his head even further with each miss.
Being completely honest we're much more fun to watch with Blake not on the court. His offense too often these days consists of hanging out at 3 and just taking those all game, or passing around behind the line. The offense really slows down and nothing much happens, and he can't move anymore so he's a liability on D. 

Svi looks to be breaking out of his slump, that will really help us have a better 3% presence. Jackson and Grant pretty good most nights too, and Bey looks to be good... Till he hits a rookie wall sometime this season lol
Doesn't fit.
He's still decent, but he's become a real ballstopper and that mucks up the offense a bit (although he would've helped a ton in the second half)
He's lost a step. More like a whole leg.
There’s nothing random about a Pistons fan hating the Celtics, we have quite a bit of history.
[deleted]
Some of y'all are chill but a significant portion of your fans are incredibly smug.
Realistically I don't hate the celtics, you guys have been mediocre to good for a long time and it's just memes now.

Raptors fans are far more annoying
The Larry Bird inbounds steal still upsets me. Also didn't like when your big 3 got better than us.

"Stolen by Bird" gets played ALL the time.
lol I didn’t even know Maravich played for the Cs.
We would but an ECF appearance does nothing for us and I’m not sure a Tatum/Harden and limited Kemba with replacement players even gets us there (we’d have no answer for Giannas and Brooklyn would be favored vs us).  Whereas Philly with Embiid and harden with your role players (curry, Harris, etc) is probably the favorite in the east and would give LA a run for their money. On top of that Philly has a shorter window than Boston if there’s still worry about Embiid’s longevity so if that’s how the front office feels then it would make more sense. On top of that there’s still some question (fair or not) about the Simmons and Embiid fit whereas Tatum/Brown fit like a glove. I’m not saying I would do it if I was Philly, and I’m not saying that I would want it as a Philly fan but it makes way more sense than us. Honestly denver makes the most sense if it didn’t cost them Murray or Jokic.
I don’t think anyone wanted those picks...like every rumor we’ve been involved with for years now has been around Tatum or Brown with those picks as filler. And I think keeping Tatum and Brown has been the right choice in every option to this point. 

The problem we’ve had lately is that we had no filler salary, like last year there was no matching salary where you weren’t trading a core piece so whatever you would trade for had to not just be worth the picks but also Hayward or smart too (and smart is only 12 million of matching salary so he wouldn’t be enough for most trades that would move the needle). So if you remember a rumored trade that only cost us the picks and not Tatum or Brown please enlighten me as I’m not seeing a trade we could have made worth either of those two. 

Also just because the guys drafted with those picks aren’t core players yet doesn’t mean they never will be. I mean most of those guys have limited game time to this point by either few years in the league yet or injury (Robert Williams and Langford) so they could definitely pan out later. That’s why I’m saying this is a soft reset for us and a harden trade makes no sense right now but in a couple years a win now move might make more sense.
Tatum is a much better shooter, and is, along with Jaylen, the guy you want taking the last shot in the game. 

Smart is a defense-specialist 6th Man, who somehow thinks he’s Steph.

The issue isn’t even so much the missed shots —although they’re infuriating— the issue is that, at the end of a close game, the ball needs to be in either Tatum’s hands, or Brown’s.

The last time the Celtics won a championship, they did it by giving the ball to Pierce and Allen in crunch time. If Rondo started trying to chuck 3’s like Reggie in the last few minutes, that tram would have gone nowhere.

TL;DR: Tatum needs to take better shots. Smart needs to stop taking shots.
Nah, 6ers, Pacers, Suns, Hawks all look better
Sekou needs to earn minutes, but Killian is a starter. Lol OK Casey.
Who woulda thought flopping/drawing charges could be clutch lmao
Yeah for some reason the Celtics love going for 3s in the 4th when all they need are 2s. Tatum has some slick moves when he needs them but I guess this is pretty typical.
That's the one criticism his biggest fans have of him, though. Sometimes it's obvious Kobe was his favorite player growing up
why would justin timberlake’s stans be angry about this
mate it’s the main topic of discussion when his name is brought up 95% of the time
They could just continue to run the offense. He got a good look late after a timeout because they ran a nice play, but it seems like under 4 minutes he starts taking isolation step back contested 3’s. Did it in the bubble and did it tonight as well.
Jaylen?
Bruh what're the odds of Saddiq Bey hitting 5 3's 🥴
They were losing in game 2 going into the fourth quarter and then Smart hit 5 consecutive 3s and it turned into something like a 15 point win for the Cs. Also Smart didn't call his own number with 25 seconds left, he was left wide open and stepped into an uncontested C&S 3.
The deep three
Guy played half second half and you draw running from screen play
PTSD caused by game 2 ECSF after viscous spanking by Smart.
[removed]
He can continue his rivalry against Kyle Guy in Turkey.
I had no idea how huge Saddiq was (pause), that dude is a rookie but built like he's been in the league for a few years.
Smart and Grant both shot the ball more in the last 4 minutes until the last play
Y’all don’t need Cade, you need defense. We need everything really lol.
Even in shit posting we get ignored
I thought the contract was weak but he’s proved me wrong so far
If he keeps playing like he has so far he ain't overpaid at all
Agreed. Theis is who he is. I'm done expecting more from him. TT has had some nice moments, but he looks slow and overweight right now. Hopefully he can work himself into shape and robert can continue to blossom.
Sure, but it’s been 20+ years for the most part. I really don’t have any sort of hate for Detroit whatsoever for past events
Definitely makes sense. As somebody who didn’t really start watching basketball until the early 2000s I’ve always liked the Pistons quite a bit, basketball is definitely better when they’re competing
I dont hate the Raptors fans because they have taken over the palace/LCA the past few years...I hate them because they are fucking obnoxious as hell and then I remember they are also Leafs fans
[deleted]
That’s the go-to excuse everybody always goes with, but, and I know I’m probably a bit biased, I really don’t see us being too dissimilar from most of the fan bases on here
let's be honest - R.Williams is the only guy out of that glut of picks/players that has a chance to meaningfully contribute to this year's team
good one lmao
I don't think hero-ball is the right word. Those shots could have easily fallen in for him, they just didn't tonight. I don't watch too many Celtics games cause as a Sixers fan I am contractually obligated to vomit after a certain amount of time,

but it does seem like Boston needs more pure jump shooters (like Seth Curry, Bertans, Duncan Robinson types) rather than shot creators. Jaylen Brown, Tatum, and Kemba together feels a little redundant but what do I know.
Agree, if Sabonis can get to the rim in last minute situations then Tatum can too. Or start the drive and step back for a mid range, it doesn't have to be 3 pt bombs from the parking lot everytime
I just think he needs more and more practice. Kobe airballed against the Jazz too.
lol i got rekted to oblivion when i stated he needed to fix his shot selection 😅 you obviously don't qualify as a true JT stan
Because he still hasn't brought sexy back 😔
Pretty good actually... https://youtu.be/ILmGDfXr3pk
Pretty good chance I guess?

Don’t see why it’s weird lol. He did it multiple times in college, including a game where he made 8 3’s
Saddiq made us suck dick
without smart we lose that series. which is why I'm fine with smart missing good looks
Most of those shots he hit in that game 2 were C&S, 1 dribble pull up shots that were created through Tatum/Kemba penetration or great ball movements /missed rotations.

[You can watch all of his 4th quarter shots here](https://go.nba.com/wj5l)

He was insanely clutch, but he got most of these shots in the flow of the offence except for the one where Theis screens for him to drive down the middle of the lane. In that case though, it’s a one possession game with 7 minutes to go in the game.

He was insanely clutch though, but I just wouldn’t compare what he did there to what he did tonight
Oh so you're that kind of person, fits
Yes because the jays were driving and kicking to open shooters, they made the right play.
You can have Cade.

We already have the GOAT 🐐
*Raul Neto*
Did someone say something?....
No?...

Must have left a window open?
I like him for a young team because he facilitates ball movement and yet he's not so good you'll win too much or he will steal too much usage.
so it makes sense for the bigger teams to be disliked more...
If you mean contribute as a potential starter then I would agree but Pritchard has shown the potential to be a valuable bench piece this year and grant Williams was a decent bench big last year (though to my eye test he looks like he’s stepped back so far this year though it’s obviously early). Langford is a complete wild card that has shown flashes of being an nba ready defensive player but has been healthy all of 10 games (an exaggeration) so whether he can contribute or not when he gets back is completely unknown. 

To be honest I think you have too high of expectations for end of lottery/non lottery picks. They’re not picks anyone values as more than filler in trades and if we get productive bench players out of those picks that’s actually great value. For every Siakam there’s 20 fab melo’s. The two picks he held too long were the Sacramento and Memphis picks as those may have had some trade value but as a Celtics fan I was willing to bet on both those teams (especially Sacramento) giving us a high pick and while I would have been wrong both times I’m not sure betting against Sacramento is a bad decision (sorry Kings fans).
It's less the confidence in his shot; he has shown time and time again that he can hit those tight shots at all sorts of weird angles. The concern is more with him doing that when there's much higher percentage plays available. I do agree though, having a straight up sniper on the team would make passing it out the obvious choice in those situations and kinda take the decision out of his hands.
It happens, r/nba has moments where it's on the same level of insight as the hoopsnation IG comment section
but oubre exists 😏
And this year he's one of your three players, so you can't exactly skip over him.
The first one of those is the only one that was a better look than the one had had right before the end of this game. Any Celtics fan who has a problem with him taking that 3 or the blow-by against Detroit's best shotblocker in the game at that moment (Plumlee) is an idiot.
[removed]
And take care of my guy Cassius Winston too
Yeah that's def true. I think that can be a huge curse but a huge advantage with iso ball players. Sometimes they can erase a 10 point deficit by their self and other times they don't *need* to take that shot.
fandom is a helladrug. it's all good. what fun is sports without irrational love for your own team.
Did you delete you comments because you realized you are a shit person?
We got Mo Wagner and Cassius get DNP’s out here...there’s only one person to blame....

Scott Brooks and his *”Secrit Plays”*
Removed, mods did it because fucko has no self awareness I'm sure.
[deleted]
New year, thought maybe you could turn yourself around, I believe you can still do it!
[deleted]
So you will just stay a shit person? That sucks man
[removed]
The mods deleted it because they know you are a shit person, never change!
[deleted]
Do you not know how reddit works? When a comment of yours is removed you can still see it, it's even still visible to others in your user profile, just not in the thread.
[deleted]
I don't much care how some guy with a brain as smooth as an egg feels about my team.
[deleted]
How much do you think someone has to care to comment on reddit? That threshold is way lower than you seem to think.
DSJ and Mason Plumlee best PG and C combo since Magic/Kareem
Raptors are now contenders since they lost to the Pistons
Sekou Doumbouya
48% from 3 for the Pistons, this is can't even be mad territory. GG doods
The only good thing to come out of this for the raps is the pistons only beat contenders so thats a good sign. Lol.
Glad DSJ slangin in Detroit
Props to Matt Thomas for coming through in the clutch and getting us those fries.
Raptors bench = Raptors killer all along
I hereby welcome the Raptors to the contender club
only six raptors players scored

good lord
Delete the tapes
holy shit what happened here?
Every player not named Lowry or Norm need to be on their Kobe shit, and shoot 100 shots from the perimeter cause that was INEXCUSABLE. 

Extremely good looks either being short or too strong....
This is deadass what our roster used to be 7 years ago
The Big 3 of Ellington, Saben and McGruder with 65 combined points on 23/36 shooting. What?
Wayne Ellington has a beautiful smile
I get the raps were missing a lot of players but damn we blew them out without our 3 best scorers
So the Pistons only win if its a good team or they are on the road and you think theyll lose by 20 huh
Thanks for scheduling a B2B with 9 NBA players silver
bread in french
Finally Raptors are contenders!
Bodied
I'm not looking forward to tomorrow.
What is it with our bench? Who ever you put in there, they just score a lot of points. And we missing our arguably top 3 players, but team didn't miss a beat. I think that says a lot of how good of a coach Casey is and he gets criticized a lot more then he deserves
40 assists on 48 shots. Jesus Christ.
Yea Raptors lost but [POWELL!](https://giphy.com/gifs/dINIazZnc7JEPDv4ws)
I just wanna say fuck Kyle Lowry. Dude punted a guy that just came back from having a concussion
Wow I’m surprised at the lack of Dwayne Casey related comments.
if every other team didn't already prove this season was fake
Dwane Casey was fired by Masai Ujiri and the Raptors won a championship and Casey has had an axe to grind ever since. The Pistons really got hyped to play a frankly barebones and pathetic Raptors squad. 

Norm and Lowry were great though.
Thank you Pistons !
Fade5cade
Best 2 man pistons duo since Butcher/Scott
Welcome to the club
+23
That’s the problem with your team, just a bunch of virgins.
2 vs 5. Lowry and Powell vs the Pistons.
When you’re missing your coach, FVV, OG and Siakam this shit is gunna happen.
Siakam, OG and Freddy out
Saben Lee has been extremely good since he has gotten minutes. Ellington has been a consistent sharpshooter, he’s been in a slump recently (25% in last 10 games) but he is still at over 40% on the year. MacGruder is just out of nowhere lol
Don't forget the triple double tandem of DSJ and Mason Plumlee.

What a weird game this was.
Honestly, he's a good looking guy
He also has very nice eyes, very pleasant man to look at.
He looks like a middle school teacher who all the kids love because he plays ball with them at recess and isn’t afraid to dunk on them.
Shoot the 3 well and Raps missed their top 3 players and like 60ppg with their defense. Coaching staff is out too but they've had some trouble with the Pistons recently.
We're sort of missing our entire defense and coaching staff.
Pain du fromage
Maybe he shouldn't have grabbed Kyle's leg
> The Pistons really got hyped to play a frankly barebones and pathetic Raptors squad.
> 
> 

C'mon bro, Lakers fans on twitter do this. "Wow other teams try so hard against us 🤣🤣🤣🤣". Don't be like that.
Pistons didn’t have Jerami Grant either. Raptors got absolutely destroyed by a Pistons team without two of their top 4 players. That isn’t just Casey, it’s also the Raptors playing completely terribly.
Bruh we were missing our 3 best scorers
Casey is legit petty as hell. I kinda dig it.
FrAnKlY bArEbOnEs aNd pAtHeTiC

The fuck you think Casey is working with out there? Our second round pick is out here dropping 20 on your asses and you want to act like you're some elite franchise that teams are gunning to beat. 

Smh
We've been sipping Scotch. It's cool.
haha we have to play you tomorrow

without OG, Siakam or FVV

... please be gentle.
He said contender
Vs the Pistons missing their top three scorers*
Tbf the Pistons where missing Grant, Jackson, Wright, and JAH. So I was hoping for a Stanley Johnson revenge game to keep the tank going.
Grant, Jackson, Wright out
The biggest issue for you guys was not missing players. The Pistons leading average scorer who played today was Plumlee and he averages 10 a game. The issue was coaching
Ya pistons missed their players too.
Maybe go back and watch the replay. His arms were near his legs but he didn't grab them. He straight punted him
These corny mfs really sat thru the bargs years to still do this? smh
Like anybody is celebrating a win over the Raptors rn. What does that W do for us? Nothing, but it's nice to see Lee doing well, hopefully Svi strengthens his trade value
Yes the Raptors were terrible. They showed the field goals of the bench players who now had to play more vs the main rotation guys and the stats showed the bench to be awful.
I don’t think one player dropping 20 on the raptors in a regular season game has anything to do with whether or not we’re an “elite” franchise. Personally I think our front office and coaching staff is elite but obviously the team right now is not elite.
They are an elite franchise though
10-25
You’re right, we lost to them twice so we’re actually championship favourites 😎
With such a poor defensive effort from the Raptors it doesn't matter. Not a professional performance in the slightest.
Lol he thinks we are elite.
Siakam, OG, and Freddy are much much better than Grant, Jackson, and Wright
Well we didn’t have our coach so yeah it’s a bit tough to be well coached without him
Defense too. Missing OG who is one of the best defenders in the league, FVV who leads the league in steals and a good guard defender, and Siakams defense. Also the center position has been a issue for them all year.
He so clearly did.
Lol trust me. Our raps fans need the Ws validate that we are a elite team when we are not. We are mediocre rn.
We're tanking lol...our bench squad beating up on yours actually set us back

Y'all have this obsession with Casey for some reason, just let it go
Lmfao well played
Okay, still Detroit's top 3 lol? no reason to get walked on like that
That's my point. A ton of coaching staff was missing, including the head coach. That was the impact on this game.
Wanna trade plumlee 👀👀
Defense was bad because of the coaching
We must be so good when we had a 17-17 record.
He didn't tho. Go watch the Pistons version where they show the angle of his arms not even touching him. Thats why he got the T
I'm not obsessed with Casey. I respect him. He played a vital role in the eventual Raptors championship.
Our coaching staff were out and our depth isn't as good.
Yeah for sure. You should flair up
I'll give you Baynes for him.
Seen every angle. Take the L here.
Damn. If u take out top 3 from each of toronto and detroit and detroit is better? How good is toronto really.
Our Baynes phase has already come and gone. I'll keep Plumdog.
No. There's a reason he got a T. He kicked him in the head
Exactly. So many people are making excuses for the Raptors. Like we get it, the Raptors were missing key guys, but so were the Pistons. And it really shouldn't matter, the Pistons are 10-25, if you can't beat them without three of their top players (even if your team is missing 3 as well), then how good is your team really?
[deleted]
I'm not sure why you down voted me. I'm saying that Detroit has better depth than Toronto has, it's why they won. Also having a large chunk of our coaching staff out was a big issue.

Detroit won, because Detroit were better and shot the lights out, absolutely deserved the win.
I'm not doubting what Kyle did. We're talking about *why*.
It's one game, they've beaten some of the contenders when they were healthy, it's sports, shit happens that doesn't make sense all the time. It's a disappointing loss for the raps for sure, was a good opportunity to get about .500 and we let it slip.
What? I dont think other "top" teams would lose to detroit without each teams top 3.
FYI i didnt downvote you.

im just saying thats kinda worrying for the raptors no?
Right. But he wouldn't have got a t if they decided that the foul was on Sekou which is what was originally called
Even if Sekou did touch his leg, Kyle is still out of pocket for kicking him in the face. It's unsportsmanlike and completely uncalled for
Nope, we were 2-8 since then at 15-10 we had a bad loss without our leaders or coaches. Shit happens, we go to the break and come back strong make a run for the 4th seed.
Refs make wrong calls all the time. One thing happened and the response was something else. Both are bad on their own but it's cause and effect
You’re wrong and quite honestly blind.
Bey for All-Rookie team
Norm was so mad at himself at the end there when really he should have been mad Lowry for going 0/7 from 3.
Norm shot 8-12 from 3.

Rest of the starting lineup was 1-20 lol.
norm wants his money
Normgod
Saddiq fucking Bey
The Raptors had 30 rebounds lmao
GG Detroit. 

Also Detroit, why y'all have so many Jacksons?
Covid squad + Lowry were not playing well, hopefully, it's just a bit of rust. 

Desperately need OG to even be a mid-tier team.

Celtics fans in another thread were trying to say Tristan Thompson and a 2nd for Norm lol
Geeeee. 54-30 on the glass.

We fucking suck.
Norm scored more than Lowry, FVV, and Siakam combined
Damn. Wasted a killer game from Norm and great game from Boucher ...
If we let Norm walk for nothing, there's gonna be a lot of existential questioning this summer for me.
Dwane Casey revenge game
The rare bad Lowry game.
Would you trade Saddiq for Giannis?
Time to tank
Saddiq Bey definitely the "wow this kid can score" story thus far.
Didn’t expect Raptors to be so bad this year.
Imagine how many open looks he would get if the Nets hadn’t traded him. WHEW.
Powell had a fantastic game, but the raptors still on their downward slide they started two weeks ago
TANK
Bro. I am straight up not having a good time
Love the spirit of this team, just hoping for more losses this year xD
honestly just get us to the playoffs
Toronto sucks
Nothing to take from this game

Pay Norm and run it back
So two 2nd rounder for Lowry, we gud?
Craptors announcers be doing the most
Masai is going To-run-to another front office unless he’s got an ace up his sleeve to fix the Raptors.
Another dazzling effort from Ultra Overrated Stinkiam...dude is Raptors 3rd or 4th best player making MAX contract🤣🤣🤣
oops
Why no bembry, davis, watanabe?
So are the raptors still going for a playin spot or have they decided to go for a good pick?
Feel that rumble under your feet, that's the tank rolling down ~~Yonge St.~~ Ybor City
Sorry Raps, I don't know why Casey let the team win this one.
Lowry is washed
I second this, one of my favorite prospect of last draft
I can't name 10 rookies better so why not.
I regret letting him go 😩
Yep. FVV and Siakam regressing was expected; but Lowry falling too meant way too much pressure on Norm.
Lowry just tanking his value so he stays a Raptor forever. Love to see it
I'm ok with Fred and Pascal since they were out of protocol
If you don't like that, you don't like Tampa Bay Raptors basketball
And our smallest guy had the most lol
Fuck the Ides of March. 

Also, fuck covid!
they're tryna make a Jackson 5
Need a center
> Wasted a killer game from Norm and great game from Boucher

Story of every game in our losing streak
Oh this is nothing. Beating the Raptors three times during their championship run was the revenge (also what made me an NBA fan).
no
absolutely not
Giannis can’t shoot
We're not making the playoffs if Lowry gets traded, especially with FVV/Siakam/OG recovering from COVID.

This season is a wash, given every game is an away game, shortened season, and this is the weakest Raptors squad we've had in a while given our lack of depth.
Fade for Cade
You are the last to beat us, you have a decent team with more playoff experience than most teams in the east. Post season is a different animal, experience is important, first round against bucks could be interesting if you get a center.
COVID + relocating to Tampa + losing Ibaka/Gasol in free agency is killing us right now.
We brought back the 4 best players from a 53-win team.  I figured we'd be mid-to-high-40s, and that Baynes would be good enough to prevent a black hole from emerging at the Center position. 

I was really salty while I was going through the phase of accepting none of that was going to happen.
Two weeks ago when 3 of our top 4 players went out with covid, and only 2 just came back and are rusty.  This is an illness slide.
If they stay out of protocol for the rest of the year, there's still enough talent to crack the postseason. 

That might not be the case come next week though.  I have no idea what direction front office will go by March 25.
Why, so we can lose in 5 in the first round?
Flair up if you’re gonna talk shit
Like cheering for bey, complimenting Grant. 

Praising the Pistons defense and saying that Grant's blocking foul was a charge on Siakam 

You just parroting bad opinions or even watching the same game?
Dude, come *on*. You can come up with something *much* better than Stinkiam.
chill, he's been out for a hot minute now w/ covid, and definitely in the recovery process still.
Playoffs until otherwise stated by the team. We got hit hard by covid, only reason for the current slide, and they will turn it around when everyone recovers.
Love forming opinions by watching (one) basketball game
I think we got Bey from Portland but I can’t remember 

Y’all got Bruce from us... treat him right 😭
Lowry just tryna fade4Cade
He he
I knew they were up to something
Myles Leonard will be available lol.
Jarret Allen is the obvious off-season target.
Still remember that game-winner, ouch.
They have a better chance than us, why not
Yea I think not having any home games fucking hurts. 

I just thought a squad of Siakam/Lowry/FVV would still be nice enough you know. Oh well. 

Also, fuck COVID. Still can’t believe the past year actually happened/still happening.
Gasol was washed last year, Ibaka was a loss though.
Yeah I don't think yall will stay down but regardless of reason it is a downward spiral. It'll take a few more games for things to normalize, and I don't know yalls schedule well enough to know what will happen.
If we even get there
I'm a salty pistons fan because you guys can't beat a depleted lottery bound team. 

Stop ruining our odds.
I never said they were bad, I said they doing the most
I hate them too and rightfully so. Ofc ur gonna praise a rookie dropping 30 on u lol. And them talking about grants blocking foul just shows that they don’t know the game that well if anything, I don’t think it means much in terms of objectivity 

I don’t need to hear someone yelling at me for 2h straight

And the guy is definitely right.  The raptors announcers do the most weird shit I’ve ever seen.
True, but come on he is still really inefficient overrated defender. Do you honestly think OG wouldnt score just as much or more if he got the shots Pascal gets. FVV and OG are better players for sure and Lowry and Powell are just as good if not better..
Stewart was from Portland via Houston.
Bey was from Brooklyn via the Clippers and the Brown/Kennard trade.
Shamone
They wanna be startin something
Cavs aren’t giving him up. Masai and Bobby really fucked up not getting him.
They were playing well again before the team got hit with COVID. The 3 starters will round back into form in a few weeks
Siakam and FVV just got back and only had 1 practice, they will take some time to get into game shape.
None of those 3 are good enough to really carry a game consistently. Siakam had a couple chances for a game winner and missed. Lowry has had some bad games and has lost his temper this year and has been thrown out on double techs. Fred is a better SG than PG. The biggest bitch was losing our Cs.
Gasol was washed offensively but he was still a great defensive anchor
Jazz are next, so probably a loss regardless of healthy or not. But then we have 32 games to turn it around, and about average difficulty by the current standings.
We're a covid depleted team.
I think pascal shined so bright during the championship run and I was so stoked for him in the off-season. has he underperformed? yes! (but the expectations were also always so incredibly high, it never made much sense) 

Nevertheless, I'm willing to give him the benefit of the doubt, bc I've seen him be the player who got the max. 

And yeah, FVV, OG, and Powell also are incredible these days, but quite honestly they were not when pascal got his max.
*Shamet/Kennard trade
Would Raptors go after Drummond? Last I heard he was being sidelined
Dont get me wrong Pascal is a good player. But you have to admit he is HYPED  up a crazy amount by Raps announcers and canadian media, and it trickled down to national media last year. There is no way he should have gotten MVP votes last year. You HAVE to gameplan as a coach to stop MVP players. Nobody HAS to gameplan to stop Siakam. Sure he eats against bums and bum teams but he rarely shows against top competition. He shoots 45% last two years thats not kinda bad thats like close to league worst for a PF/C. Lowry for sure and maybe even FVV were more critical to the Raps success last year and deserved mvp more than him. Also there had to be at least 20 players league wide more deserving.
Shamet and Brown were both in the trade. It didn't make sense for me to include Shamet given the context of the Pistons' perspective.
I hope not unless we are getting back him and other pieces in a multi team deal.

We would have to trade Norm to make the money work. Norm is way more valuable than Drummond.
I did not know the Nets were involved in that trade 

I thought the Bruce trade was different
Not that I necessarily disagree, because I think norm is a beast, but if you are going to continue to get 24 less rebounds than the other team without a serious plan to get a new center, Drummond might actually be more valuable than Norm imo.
Ahhh gotcha, that's probably because the Brown trade to the Nets was announced several days earlier but then later they rolled it all into one massive three team trade. So totally understandable why you'd think that.
If we are trying to contend, absolutely. I kinda want to use this season like the warriors last season. Be garbage and have a high lottery pick and then come back next season trying to contend.

I just don’t feel this season with 3/4 best players getting covid and without any home games.
How the fuck do you shoot 31% from the line as a team? What the fuck Wizards?
What are the Wizards supposed to do now?

I get Beal is out but losing by 30 to this tanking Pistons team is kinda unacceptable
Man where do the Wizards even go from here? I know they've had injuries this season but this team just seems like it's going nowhere.
Why does it feel like these teams always play each other
Wait a minute, which team is supposed to be tanking ?
JJ heard the shit talk and popped off tonight, that's my fuckin guy!
Rockets fans say thank you
Fuck you Detroit we’re getting Cade and there’s nothing you can do about it
Play in Pistons here we go!
18 more triple doubles and Westbrook (164) overtakes Oscar Robertson (181) on the all time triple double list!
Fuck off Washington start winning some games
Westbrook almost had a quadruple double with points/rebounds/assists/turnovers!!! /s
Westbrook meant that he's The Champion of The Great East Tankathon
love the brodie, but 1-6? i think any one of us could do better than that lol
Right? Seems fishy to me lol
They basically have no shooters and no offensive system that can actually mask it. They need fast development from the young guys and to pick up some actual shooters in the off season
In if it's a lost season already why is the loss unacceptable?
Thats the sad part. Do we go for a playoff push? Shld have made some trades maybe andre drummond then. Do we tank? Then trade beal and westbrook instead of wasting their years. And also tank properly so we can get a top 4 pick not just top15. God we suck.
The first step needs to be firing Scott Brooks. I think between Westbrook, Beal, and Hachimura, you can create a solid starting lineup with a few role players. Combine that with a 2nd unit of Avdija, Bertans, and Thomas Bryant next year, and there's a solid roster there that should AT LEAST be in the play-in tournament.
Trade Beal.
Right lol I feel like we play the wizards every other game
[deleted]
I got this bad feeling we are gonna get the 7th again and I'm finna kill myself
Nah we just gonna be chilling till we get the 9th pick
God I hate this fucking team.
Didn't this team just pay 60M for Bertans?
They need to trade westbrook or beal and get some cap space to really improve the roster.
The Pistons winning helps our tanking efforts, this isn’t about Wall vs Russ
He is injured rn but still you can run lineups having all the shooting from 1 guy. Coaching doesn't help either
I think it was 5 years, $80m actually
Sure. I agree you can never have enough shooting, but the Wizards cap situation is far from ideal rn and they have some major holes.
The Pistons are like Roger Rabbit.  They can't win anytime, only when it is funny
Sixers are 12-2 with Embiid and 0-4 without him
I’d like to welcome the sixers to the lost to the pistons gang
The East runs through Detroit
Did the Pistons really have 24 less shots and still win?
Dwight Howard played like a white guy going against wilt in the 50s
Pistons trynna be robin hood
i fantasize about jerami grant hesi pull-up jimbos
Jerami Grant is awesome
Joel Embiid is their whole team
Another game, another MVP showcase for Embiid.
YOU JUST LOST TO THE PISTONS

Seriously Embiid deserves more love for putting this team in the #1 seed
Philadelphia, welcome to the club
It’ll probably be overshadowed by the rest of the teams performance, but Tobias Harris had a heck of a game. He looks great under Doc.
Josh Jackson😤
37 free throws for the Pistons. That was certainly unexpected. 

Also, great game for Mavs legend Delon Wright
The new kings of the East are in Detroit 😤😤😤😤
sixers fans are going to use this result as evidence that embiid deserves to win MVP and ignore the fact the Pistons are actually way more competitive than their record suggests
BALANCE IN THE LEAGUE IS RESTORED
Wayne the rain Ellington shooting hot fire is always a welcome sight
Talk yo shit Josh Jackson
come pick ur homies up Jo
Good job Pistons! Keep on winning 🤑
Simmons couldn't lock up Grant tonight?
I’ll take it
Delon Wright with his best game of the year
I guess the Sixers suck just like the Celtics do because they lost without their best player
Wtf is up with Ben simmons? He's easily the 2nd best player on the team and an all star/ borderline all nba player, but without the best player he takes 9 shots? 4 guys on his team took more shots than him. What's he averaging, like 11ppg this year? I know points is not everything and he is waaay more impactful than just points, but Sixers fans surely can't be happy with how passive he is?
OOF
[deleted]
The sixers suck without embiid. They looked horrible against geriatric griffin and the clown car of a roster that the pistons are.
How has Embiid carried these bums to 1st seed far in the east
Sigh
Another game to Joel's MVP candidacy
I really really really need Simmons to be more agressive moving forward.
Welcome to the “Beaten by The Pistons” club
Wtf? Come on Pistons just keep sucking man i need y'all to beat out the Wolves for worst record
Wow Dwight looked more washed then Blake.  Freaking Plumlee ran laps around Dwight, apparently sixers need a backup center.
Tony Bradley needs more minutes
Simmons is overrated
just makes embiids case for MVP stronger kek
TAKE THAT LIBERTY BELL
And this, my friends, is why you build around Joel Embiid, not Ben Simmons.
Mike Scott is a Philly treasure, but we gotta find ways to win without Embiid. Someone besides Tobias has to step up.
Joel Embiid deserves MVP for the single reason that he’s managed to carry a team with Ben Simmons to a 12-2 record when he plays.
MVPIID
[deleted]
The Sixers are morons for not trading for Harden.
Anyone blaming this loss on Ben just didn’t watch the game
[deleted]
Morey for the love of god make a move
That was certainly a basketball game. I regret that I will never get those few hours of my life back.
Looked at the score and immediately thought, "Embiid didn't play did he?". Crazy how much worse the Sixers are without him.
Take this W and a free ticket to shit on the Sixers, you've earned it
I mean, you guys didn't lost games by a lot afaik. But hey, I only follow box scores tho.
Thinking about Bill Simmons suggesting the Sixers trade Embiid for Lauri Markkanen to build around Ben
[deleted]
Maybe the Pistons are actually the best NBA team
The only team they've beaten this year that doesn't have a winning record is Miami who went to the ~~ECF~~ finals last year, I don't what the hell's going on in Detroit.
They can be president.
Always has.
10 more 3PAs (8 more makes) and 18 more FTAs (17 more makes).
If MVP actually means most **valuable** player, than Embiid is definitely MVP this year. Philly can beat anyone with them, can't do shit without him. You can tell whether he's playing just by looking at the scoreline.
Misses game, improves MVP chances

Joel Embiid masterclass
Reminds me of those early 00's Lakers teams. They'd demolish teams with Shaq, but they played .400 ball when he sat.
LA whined a bunch last year so he's got no chance.
*That* team almost lost to the Pistons
To be fair they haven't beaten anyone and had a very easy schedule especially considering the two games they played against Boston they. didn't have tatum and the two games against Miami they were heavily injured. Then they lost against Denver and a shorthanded Brooklyn team.
Yeah hes been solid this year
"Stfu, you're a bitch".

That was awesome
It was expected if you remembered how poorly the game was officiated on Saturday.
I mean, if Embiid was in the game the Sixers would’ve most definitely won, so yeah lol
Sorry bud we play cavs lakers then warriors next
Got in foul trouble early, don’t think he really spent much time guarding Grant.
Simmons was immediately in foul trouble and barely played the first half.  Thybulle was harassing Blake into throwing elbows left and right that went uncalled.
He was on griffin tonight when in the game
Career high I believe
Ya it’s crazy. He’s clearly capable of playing well; he’s not even having “bad” games for the most part, he’s just so passive and isn’t taking advantage of his own damn skillset so he’s not having much of an impact.

I can kinda understand when Embiid is in, because Embiid is having a monster season so if Simmons needs to play a supporting role to that then so be it. But when Embiid is out, wtf is he doing.
Nope
Blake was trash. Should be shouting out Jerami Grant or Delon Wright.
Worst three teams have the same odds at the first pick
[deleted]
He's quite possibly the best defender in the nba, and a top 5 facilitator in the league. Scoring isn't everything. 

The team should have enough scoring from curry, Harris, shake, and the odd Danny Green hot night that Ben should not have to score 20+. 

Also Ben was not the problem this game. No offense at all from all the guys mentioned above except a good game from Tobias was the problem. And Dwight being a hacking moron for most of the game.
Houston wasn't going to trade him to Morey.
*The Pistons
He got in foul trouble early. Not much more to say to be honest.
You can’t talk badly about Ben this game. He shot a 3 and that’s good enough to sate all of the Ben lovers for another week or two.
Man got shook by Josh Jackson lol
Yeah all but one been within 10pts, a good amount of em by just a possession or two
thats not a real thing right?
That's an insane take, but going into this year I did feel the gap between simmons and embiid was exaggerated to the point that trading embiid made more sense.  He's better but they could get a harden-like (harden-*like*) haul for Embiid, and not for Simmons.  I also feel in a weird way the singular grand canyon sized hole in ben's game makes him easier to build around.

This year, though, I'm starting to eat my words.

(Though the record differential is an obvious anamoly -- most of embiids rest has come on B2Bs where records would be diminished anyway -- the sixers are not an 0-82 team without him, and they aren't a 70-12 team with him.)
Same here brotha
We just play Blake 32 minutes a game to level the playing field.
Competitive stealth tank, baby
Silver can never accuse us of tanking this way
you forgot to mention they went to the finals too
I love this team
Been the same with Jokic this year too right?
But this is like his 4th missed game in 18 games so far, he is not going to win it if this keeps up
2nd game of b2b where we'd just played the Celtics tho
Simmons talking all that shit to him just to miss his FT. Lol. Ball dont lie
cry more
Yea, probably. My point is just that there's no shame in losing to the Pistons. They're not that bad
Yeah I definitely heard this logic from Sixers fans when you guys beat us without Tatum
"Most definitely"

They won by 4 against the Pistons two days ago.
you only beat us by four points on saturday
Watch us beat the warriors lmfao
Blake embarrasses himself, not the opponent. 4D chess
4d chess to get him on our worst starter.
Sixers just lost so Ben Simmons opinions are currently as low as possible, please wait until the next win to speak positively at all about him
[deleted]
Yeah but the worst team has a higher chance of getting top 5 or whatever and the Wolves are Top 3 protected so we need them at that 4-6 range
Why do other people talk about NBA all-star Ben Simmons?
[deleted]
Maybe that was the case. But if the report about them playing hardball with Simmons and not including Maxey is true— dumb.
Blake griffins knee and a second rounder, who says no?
How was Simmons shook? He literally had no reaction to anything Josh Jackson did.
Very real, on his podcast after they lost in the bubble lol
3 of the 4 pistons wins have been against above .500 teams
Chaos agent of the east
Has Jokic missed any games this year?
Lebron too
How so? Jokic has pretty good on/off splits and he’s just obviously very valuable, but he also hasn’t missed any games so we don’t know what Denver looks like in a full game without Jokic.
To be fair a couple of those were cause of COVID
We were on the 2nd game of a b2b too
Yeah I see what you mean. I figure that I’m more concerned with the way that the Sixers just completely fall apart when Embiid is not playing, which IMO should help boost his chances at MVP with how he pretty much carries the team every time he plays. Both of what you said is equally true though
Off of a back to back
I mean, it was most probably due to the Sixers having to beat Boston and travel to Detroit that same night for a back-to-back but go off I guess lol
with how the warriors are right now I'm not surprised on any outcome lol
Can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not but Ben had 4 points and a turnover at halftime I believe, no other stats. Good player or not and he is a legitimately great player that's fuckin beyond awful
I think you may have missed that They're pulling odd the best tank known to man.
It is funny that Utah fans talk shot about Simmons like theyre not paying even more money for a guy who’s significantly less skilled offensively
I didn't blame Dwight solely I blamed the other three who provided almost no offense.

Also for what it's worth Joel has said he loves playing with Ben nd is very happy with the team so hopes of him calling for a trade are far fetched.
and the other team was the Heat and it’s not like they’re scrubs
Didn’t think it was from that perspective and it was more of his team would be lost without him
Mate. Embid has an all star and a curry for help. Ofc 76ers are worse you dont have any back up in any way for embid. 

jokic has a nothing of that caliber in team mates. There is more of a case for jokic if you start comparing teams.

Now in performance i have no idea and both are playing ridiculously well. Plus jokic will very likely play a lot more games. Feels like everything either favors jokic or is even.
Also, we're the Detroit Pistons lol.
Like the b2b excuse can work when we’re just bad lol
Yeah.. at this point of the season, Embiid is definitely the MVP. But Lebron is a close second after his monstrous game against the cavs.
Pistons were on a back to back too. And they're the pistons 🤷‍♂️
I mean we had a back to back as well, and were missing d rose too that gxme
Beat Boston without their best player?  But go off I guess lol
Our 3rd game in 4 days and also off a back to back but make excuses for your "championship squad" i guess
Yeah it is bad lol never said it wasn't. Just next good game he has the takes will be the opposite, literally the nature of this sub
The best tank would be giving more experience to Svi and Sekou, and probably getting the loss.  Not giving so many minutes to Delon Wright and Wayne Ellington.
Yeah super good tank team and the embiid'less sixers still couldn't beat them.
this season? debatable
Pistons better than the Lakers confirmed
The Heat without Butler and Herro
You can’t really know that until he misses games
Murray vs Simmons is arguable and Mpj is def better than curry.
back to back with travel is very different to a back to back without travel.
And I'm not saying Pistons are trash lol, I respect them I just think that Embiid would have definitely changed the outcome of this game, it's really not that hot of a take.
I suppose but to be fair the Pistons had a back-to-back at home. I know it sounds like I’m just throwing up excuses into the air but I’m very well aware of the issues with this squad. It’s just that, y’know, it’s not easy to be a consistent team for both sides when it’s back-to-back, especially when it’s on the road.

And I’m not saying that the Pistons are trash or anything lol. They’re a good team and the record is not an accurate representation of them. But in my defense, the Sixers are 12-2 when Embiid plays, and 0-4 when he doesn’t. One of those losses Embiid was in was because we only had like 7-9 players at the time too. It’s very obvious he plays a huge role in carrying the Sixers and that he most likely would’ve willed his way to a win if he would’ve played tonight. He has just entered his prime after all
Idk what Boston has to do with this because I wanted to see Tatum play to see how we would’ve matched up with them and it would’ve been entertaining to see regardless. I was disappointed to find that Tatum missed both games 

Also, didn’t you guys harp on us getting swept last season despite the fact that Simmons was out due to injury? You guys aren’t necessarily innocent in any of this either lol
~~That’s nice to hear. We’re still 1st in the east so I’m not going to have a mental breakdown over some meaningless game. Losses happen so oh well. Congrats on the win~~

Edit: I realized that I sound snarky and rude with this response so I apologize. Ignore my initial response  

There’s obvious issues with this squad when Embiid is out. I’m not ignoring that but it’s a game that took place early in the season. I’m sure this team can figure it out because they have plenty of time to. If not, I’m certain Morey has back up plans to assist Embiid and the team as a whole

And the Pistons aren’t a trash team, they’ve just been unfortunate to suffer losses that are not an accurate representation of them or their potential, so at the very least I’m not too concerned with this loss
I agree for the most part.
The pistons almost beat them yesterday with embiid. That doesn't mean much though since the pistons have almost beat everyone, but only beaten 4.
We'll cement that status in a few days.
In no way is it arguabale. Simmons is an all star. murray is not. This year murray looks injured as well. 

Curry playing next to jokic would be ridiculous. Maybe embidd just doesnt bring out the best in his team mates?
You could say the same for us. We didn’t have d rose in either game he def could’ve given us that extra boost the first gsme
I'm just saying that a team that has a goal of championship, not making the playoffs, shouldn't have that much trouble with the worst team in the league, even on a back to back or missing one player. Hopefully you guys figure it out since it looks like you're missing at least one major piece 

I will say the only team the pistons had no chance against from start to finish was the bucks, and that's saying something
> I know it sounds like I’m just throwing up excuses into the air

You are. They’re not working. Hope you realize these aren’t valid arguments for a team like yours
Because you were giving excuses why you barely beat Detroit the night before and then lost tonight, and we’re being snarky about it.

And yeah obviously I would’ve loved for us to face each other full strength
Back to backs and travel are nothing new. I cant deal with hearing these excuses. Guess I'm old school because i remember the days before load management and no one complained about back to backs.
No drose either 😤
you dont have to put down Jokic's team to try to make him look better lol

news flash Curry is playing insane already in Philly with Embiid.
Simmons is averaging 12 points, 8 boards and 8 assists with almost 4 turnovers and 4 fouls a game this year. His defense has mostly been great, but I'm not sure his play this year would translate to an all-star appearance if he wasn't Ben Simmons. Malcolm Brogdon (22, 4, 7 and only 2 TOs) and Trae Young would be arguably more deserving to this point, and Kyrie will still likely be an all-star regardless of his personal leave issues and apathetic defense. Murray's two worst games statistically this year happened to be 25 and 18 point blowout wins. He's always just right there on the verge of turning into an all-star, and his numbers are somewhat suppressed by playing on a team that utilizes a center as the primary playmaker. I'd say that the gap between the two of them isn't that wide this season, if it even exists. 

As far as trying to blame it on Embiid... no. Look at Ben's numbers in every game he's played without Joel this year. Outside of putting up 16 rebounds and 9 assists against Memphis, he's been unable to score and turned it over at a high  rate. He had 7 turnovers to those 9 assists against the Grizzlies while going 3-9. He had 4 assists and 6 turnovers while taking only 8 shots against Cleveland, and last night it was 4 assists, 2 turnovers and 4 fouls in just 21 minutes. I believe he's capable of being a little better than this, but his progression leaves a lot to be desired.
I mean probably lol, y'all are actually a competitive team that gets dismissed by majority of fans because of your record.
It's regular season lmao, teams drop games all the time. You should not be putting that much thought into a regular season game this early in the season.
Yeah I realized that I’m in the wrong here. I really wasn’t trying to make it sound like I’m throwing up excuses but I guess I did regardless. Sorry about all of that 


Preferably so, my honest take on all of this is that losses just happen and I was expecting a loss anyways because Embiid sat out. Which is concerning yes, especially for a team that is expecting to be a championship contender, but I personally believe that they can figure it out come playoff time. They’re still taking time to gel together so I’m not too upset if we end up losing games overtime unless it becomes abundantly clear that we need to trade up and be better 

Regardless, it was a really good performance by Detroit and I never once saw them as a bad team. Despite their record I think they’re a really good team that can turn it around and improve their record as time goes on. Good game and congrats on the win
Yeah it’s so fun to see every team play us in the discussions be like “why are we losing to such a trash team” not realizing every game but bucks has been hella close and hard fought.
If my team:

Was 0-4 without one player

Almost lost to the worst team in the league

Lost to that same team two days later by 15 points even after being able to plan how to approach them

I would be concerned if my thoughts was that we would win the chip this year

The way things are going the process sixers will not win a chip
Good thing I'm not you then :)
Looks like Grant was right to bet on himself. Dude's balling.
imagine being 3-9

&#x200B;

this post was made by the 3-8 gang
#FadeforCade still on radar, its just a win to get confidence
DRose can still fucking ball man.
How are the Heat 4-7? Geniunely asking. Havent seen a game of theirs so far this season.
the box score showing me Jimmy Butler, Avery Bradley & Tyler Herro didn't play stopped me from making a "what's going on with the miami heat????" comment


thanks, box score
[deleted]
Yikes thats a bad loss.  
  
Jerami grant though. He can hoop
Isaiah Stewart is eerily similar to Ben Wallace/Dennis Rodman type. That was a home run pick.
Fucking embarrassing.
Jerami Grant is an all star
Didn't see the thread posted when it ended, so I decided to post it myself
Jerami Grant : 24 points, 9 rebounds, 6 assists, 4 blocks, 2 steals. Efficient night too. This guy is an all star.
Miami welcome to the club
Has Grant scored below 20 points yet? Dude’s been balling out. It’s great to see
We're in danger.
Hey, thanks Detroit!
Guys we were good before the bubble I promise we're not a fluke idk wtf is going on
Grant and Beef Stew are so fkn fun to watch
D Rose is killin’ it! I can’t believe he’s still producing like this. Man... I hope we keep him.
This is the most hyped I’ve been for the Pistons in a long time. Grant is looking like a all star and our young guys have some fantastic potential. We will lose a lot this year but I’m excited for the development.
1. Grant, Blake and Isiah Stewart were all great

2.sheeesh Miami need Jimmy back
Since when did Jerami Grant turn into Andrei Kirilenko with a 3 point shot?
wow, who the hell loses to the pistons??
Anyone else see glimpses of Shawn Kemp in Jerami Grant?
Even though Jimmy and Herro were out, still no excuse to get blown out by the team with the worst record 

Miami needed a wake up call
It's weird that the Raptors now have the same amount of wins and only one more loss than the heat. Idk what's going on with either team
67 field goal attempts the entire game?? I'm disgusted this team needs help
Yay
wow we really have a hard-on for throwing the ball out of bounds and to opposing teams
[deleted]
Fuck
How has Blake been recently, Pistons fans?
we beat a miami team who was missing most of their best players, big whoop. we should have tried harder for the L.
Grant is such a good player on the pistons. Blake has fallen off significantly though guess his body can’t keep it anymore
Thanks Detroit
Miami should go after Harden. Oh wait they have the great Tyler Hero a and Duncan Robinson who will lead them to a championship!
Where is the discussion for hawks blazers live?
So I’m confused are the Miami Heat just struggling cause of injuries and new players or is there something to actually be worried about?
Miami couldn't beat a wet paper bag right now
I said miami was gonna be disappointing and I know they have missed players but I was not expecting this
Wtf is happening to the heat?
Fade me
Waiting around for the potential of Giannis reaaaally hurt us. Teams got better and we ended up paying Meyers Leonard (one of the league's best high fivers and clappers) for more per year than Houston are paying Wood.

Without Jimmy or Herro we have no offensive creation. Tyler is our best shot creator by a mile and he is being forced to learn PG on the fly. 

Bam scored 20 in the first half then decided to stop shooting. If he was aggressive he could average 25. His jumper is money but he spends too much time forcing the pass instead of looking at the rim.

Pathetic effort in this game. The body language sucked and there was none of that "heat culture" energy that we've come to know and love.

Anyway rant over lmao
drose 23 in 21 minutes.. he nice
A swift fall from grace 😑
[deleted]
Damn y'all trying to out tank the Tampa Bay Raptors or what?
yeah the heat are back to irrelevancy following their finals run
thats sad

also Jimmy Butler is shooting what, 20 percent from 3??

How does he go from shooting low 30s to 20 percent since becoming a Heat?
Only Heat fans are surprised by this. Everyone else knew y'all were Finals phonies loool
Ah yes, Miami is back to reality. That fluke finals run is one of the greatest in history.
He has been awesome. Feels even more special because he wants to be here, we don’t get that a lot in Detroit as a whole. Hope we can build up the team around him.
That mvp season of Westbrook had Grant, Oladipo, and Sabonis on it.
$20m looking more and more like a steal.
No risk at all lol it was the same money for a non contending team where he can get empty stats all season this feels like the opposite of risk
> bet on himself

he very much did the exact opposite
pffft 3-8? That's so half an hour ago
We are happy we’re worse
I’m getting kind of nervous, there’s no way Washington loses more games than us right? We have the worst lottery luck we need that worst record. MIN and WAS are the two teams im most worried about. Maybe the knicks as well
how i did that
It better be!
You want him?
They turn the ball over every 10 seconds
2 losses came vs Sixers when Miami only had 8 players and the Sixers had Simmons/Embiid 

Jimmy has only played 5 out of the 10 games so far 

And also we have been playing with lack of energy, our defense sucks, very sloppy play, turnovers galore (bottom 3 in the NBA)...just haven’t been playing well plus injuries/COVID is the answer
We were 4-4 until our two 8-player covid games, so I could forgive the 4-6. I think everyone, Heat team included, thought this one would be a gimmee and didn't show up with fighting energy.

They need to come back aggressive from this loss. The team has been playing sloppy. Our turnovers were bad last season and they're even worse this season. Some lazy playing, particularly lazy defense, led to games like this one and the 47 point loss to the Bucks. I bring up the loss vs. the Bucks because it looked very similar to this game--allowing wide open threes out the ass.
91 - 67 field goals attempts, 39 - 31 rebounds, and 11 - 22 turnovers would be your answer
1. Butler has missed about half our games, left early due to injury in a couple of the ones he did play. 

2. Several players are starting in and out of the starting lineup, we’ve had 8 different starting lineups which has hurt chemistry

3. Missing key players on defense such as Butler, Bam, and Bradley for several games, we’re playing a lot of minus defenders on the floor at the same time in their absence

4. TURNOVERS. We’re second to last in the league in that department. 

5. Nunn being ass juice and getting way too many minutes.
Butler was healthy for 3 games so far, we had 5 different starting lineups for the first 5 games, and due to the short offseason the effort level and intensity clearly aren't there yet, this is an extended preseason so far
Nunn is still riding his early rookie season hype and getting more than twice as many minutes as he should.
their best player isn't playing
Butler been out for much of it
Still, losing to the pistons by 20 is inexcusable
Next man up.
Butler's been booty anyways.
Hey buddy houston sports is going down that road too keep your head up :)
Fuck yea! He immediately brings that old Detroit energy we been missing for so long
It’s even sweeter knowing that everyone and their mom was calling it a reach when we drafted him. Which is weird to me because 247 had him as the third overall ranked prospect coming out of high school
[removed]
*kicks trashcan*
Covid protocols are keeping this team down.
now can I count on your vote this February?
Thanks I hate it.
i wish you didn't
**0 Turnovers**

**1 Foul**

10/19 FG

3/6 3PT
They have joined the exclusive list of pist ons! (I'm a C's fan btw...)
Scored 9 in the first one he’s been 20+ since
OKC pick watch: OKC 6-6, Houston 4-6, Miami 4-7
[deleted]
Very cool 👍
Health. Its literally not a puzzle. We've played like 2 games with a healthy butler, and have been missing several rotational players almost every game on top of that.
If they can get even a late first for him I think you have to pull the trigger.
Our record is deceiving we have the best scoring bench in the league so far
We need some fucking depth. Just trusting all our third stringers to make the leap into decent bench players isn’t the way to go
They’ll figure it out eventually they’ve had a strange start to the season with a super short offseason, injury and COVID problems. They better figure it out quickly though with the season only being 72 games
hard to really say tbh. he’s looking slow, but it’s hard to tell if that’s just him not wanting to put much effort in for a lottery team at this point in this career. especially when there might be a possibility for some trade on the horizon. it’s kind of a stretch but the theory makes more sense when acknowledging how effective he’s been with utilizing his bbiq for facilitating and setting up on-court. he’s even averaging a career low in turnovers. so imo despite those obvious slowdowns and plainly average shooting splits, i think he’s been successful in finding other ways to be a relatively solid contributor.
Slightly improving but still a shell of what he once was.
Doot doot
Philly should go after Harden. Oh wait they have the great Maxey and Ben Simmons who will lead them to a championship!

🤡
Miami will win another ring before Philly, @ me
Herro severely outplayed Simmons in their games
tyler didn't play tn
Harden would need to lose like 25 pounds before Pat let him touch the court.
They, in fact, just got beat by a wet paper bag + Jerami Grant
We decided to wait around for the possibility of Giannis instead of signing Grant/Ibaka/Wood. We let Crowder walk. We keep having loads of players out due to covid.

But also.. shitty passing. Bad shooting. Bad defence. No effort. Shitty attitude. Bam isn't aggressive enough when he is usually one of the best players on the floor. Herro is our best scorer and shot creator by a mile without Jimmy and he is also our full time PG for some reason.
It's cold outside, that doesn't normally happen. We're scared and confused.
I swear every comment Ive seen from you the last 2 years is just hating on the Heat.

But surprise surprise, you were hella quiet during the playoffs lmao
The jersey is in the cart
"Westbrook's and a bunch of G Leaguers" as his fans called it lmao
Sabonis was literal ass that year. It was his rookie year and the only thing he did was miss threes
I thought Presti was the goat GM?
Wish it was a steal for us 😭
he bet on himself by declining a smaller role on a contending team to become a #1 franchise player for us. it was a huge risk, but for him it’s paying off
[deleted]
we have some hope for the future. Washington on the other hand....
[deleted]
Nah knicks will have a better record
Dude, MIN has that KAT luck. Which is to say, damned tragic. That dude has been through so much this past year. It’s such a shame. He must be one of the most mentally strong players in the league
You put a \# before FadeForCade, Reddit interprets anything after a hashtag as ~~bolded~~ headed.
If you don't want to do it, put a \ before the hashtag and it won't be bold, but will show the # symbol.
I’m so torn on Rose. I know it makes sense to trade him but I freaking love that dude 😕
I do.
I mean sure lol we'll take one DRose. Not sure what we can give back tho... Maybe a slightly used Jared Dudley?
Ahh similar to the 4-8 Bulls i see. Pain.
From what I understand it’s also an issue of allowing the opposing team to insert the basketball into the hoop more than they do
The 2016-2019 Heat special
Yep. Absolutely Inexcusable. Just when we think it's getting better, there's a 23 TO game
Yeah when they played the Bucks I was astonished at how many TOs they gave up.
Teams seriously need to start watch some tape before playing the Pistons. Don't let their record fool you, you don't sleepwalk through them, they fight for everything. That culture and attitude will bode well for future draftees.
0 minutes. That's how many he *should* get.
Spo still loves him. No idea why.
He only has 2 games (1 being tonight, the other the game where Milwaukee bashed our skull in and was over in the first 8 minutes) where he’s played over 10 minutes and both were in games where one of Dragic or Herro either didn’t play or only played a quarter. When all of our ball handlers are available he is an afterthought in the rotation.
For a team that was in the finals a few months ago absolutely.
He had one bad game when he clearly came off his ankle injury way too soon. 

He played in 6 games, he injured his ankle midway through the first game, left the 2nd game at halftime due to that injury, and was clearly not himself in the first game back where he had 2 points and just didn't move right. Before this Covid shitshow he was coming off B2B 26 point performances but yeah, he's been awful
Between his ankle and Covid, dudes played like 2 healthy games or something.
...what

Besides that first game back from injury vs Mavs, he has been very good
L take he’s been doing good Herro hasn’t lived up to his bubble hype and Bam is inconsistent
[deleted]
AT LEAST YOU HAVE WOOD


:(
We played good in the regular season before the bubble. This shit is just inexcusable
The Heat were made for the bubble, hard work beats talent when talent isn’t working hard
Bruh. We had Goran and Bam back today. When our bench took Philly to OT only with Iggy being the experienced Vet, beating a team that is already struggling shouldn't be much of an issue with Goran and Bam back.

Our guys know this. Defense has been fluctuating between High Effort and Lazy. Inexcusable amount of turnovers. This is just bad basketball and not even close to how this team could actually be playing , we gotta own up to it.
Ah the Covid excuse. Tell me more about how this is affecting the Heat
Sure. He was one of the best process sixers.

Here's a reminder that Jerami was drafted by Hinkie but Colangelo came in and traded him away for peanuts
Actually insane.
you're goddam right. #1 tanking team in the league.
Honestly we would be fine if it was just butler, but random players going out left and right like bam and herro and dragic messing our lineups every game feels like they cant get in a groove.
*If* being the keyword.
You do realize I have the Nets winning the East and the championship right?😂🤣
Brooklyn winning the East so it don't really matter.
A dead clock is right twice a day.
He's not all-star caliber like Kyrie. That song really got y'all Heat fans thinking Hero is the 2nd coming of Larry Bird.😂🤣
Seems like the org needs to take action ASAP
I get that his stans could be over-the-top about that, but let's not pretend any of those guys were as good as they are now back then.
That narrative is still going around
He was also played completely wrong on that OKC team. He was used as a big 3 and D wing.

That’s not his game. While I loved him on OKC, I really love the way he’s playing for the pistons.

It’s kinda crazy how well former OKC players are balling the fuck out once they leave us.

Sabonis should be an all star this year, who was also used wrong in OKC. I think only oladipo and Schroeder were used right.

Alas, we always had the right parts to be a great team, just wasn’t quite used right
I'm really struggling to understand what he risked, or staked, or gave up by signing a 60M contract. Like, great for him, good decision, he's balling, but he didn't bet on himself
[this u](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/kyxutj/post_game_thread_the_toronto_raptors_48_defeat/gjjzn6w/)
Deni and Rui could be good for us, we just need a coach who they can grow with and not one that holds them back
unless we get Cade, we aren't guaranteed any kind of future yet.
Im aware. The worst record is guaranteed a top 5 pick, that is what I am referring to when I mention our bad lottery luck
Not that the differences are worth worrying about, this is not quite true. Only the odds for getting one of the top four picks are the same for the three worst teams. Since the team with the absolute worst record can't draft any lower than fifth they have the highest expected value. See the column all the way on the right:

http://www.tankathon.com/pick_odds
It's actually header format so good and bigger font size.
\#FadeforCade
I know what you mean. If we can’t get more than a second I just want to keep him.
Warriors fans are lusting after the idea of getting DRose as our backup guard. Right now we have very subpar guards for our second unit as Wanamaker has been inconsistent as a playmaker and Poole is still probably not ready.
We gotta keep him man I enjoy watching him too much
Y’all got any of them picks? Or young players? We have more than enough veterans
Bet we can turnover more balls than you guys though.
He's yet to even hit a 3PA.
I'm aware. They should be worried about his shooting nonetheless.
[deleted]
What.
They do have the most hated MLB team in recent memory.
True we arent that bad yet but it seems the astros curse is real.
Turned the ball over 22 times. Pistons had 91 shots as a result and shot 50% from the floor. Also out rebound and assist the heat tonight. You are right that with bam back that’s really bad
They played the minimum amount vs Philly, their best player has been out, their depth is shot, Bradley didn't play, herro didn't play. They started this game with a 2 way player. Jimmy and Bradley are their two best wing defenders. Duncan Robinson is suspect on defense, without the teams best defenders they get outscored.
Well thank god. Its not like somebody has Sixers winning anything. Ever.
I guess this is the last year of ever
lol yeah keeep banking on *kyrie* winning a ring lolololol
Definitely. Loving the Mavs team btw. Glad Johnson and Richardson are together. Big fan of Luka
I agree with you. I was just making an interesting comment about how they were all on the same team.
It's difficult to be good when you are only allowed to touch the ball after Westbrook drive and kicks, and only to shoot from the corner or give it right back to him.
wtf are you even saying ?

he was offered two 60m options, one for a good team & one for a bad team. he could have taken the easy route, went w the Nuggets, played in the playoffs - but he wanted to bet on himself and prove he’s capable of a bigger role. so he risked winning and success w Denver to showcase his individual talents at Detroit - betting on himself.
You guys have Cassius Winston too. I watched him from extreme close distance for the past 4 years. He should be good enough to play some minutes eventually.
"Hope" as I put it is not a statement of guarantee. Think about it this way. Lots of young talent, some really positive vet talent, and lots of money coming off the books very soon while your team is competitively losing almost every game. It's a good situation to be in as a bad team.
You’re right, I meant headed but my mind completely blanked on finding the right word.
Yeaah
Same man. He isn’t being paid anything crazy either.
We better, he loves it here.
Kuzma 👀
You’d think so but you guys are only averaging a paltry 16.8 turnovers a game where the bulls are putting up an impressive 17.6 turnovers a game.
And he only hit 29 3s last regular season, so what? That's not his game
He's not here for shooting.
Because we like the Boston Celtics
Bam has had good games and bad
To be fair they did it to themselves so it’s kinda hard to be sympathetic
This season is a grind. Every team is dealing with injuries and Covid restrictions. Maybe the Heat just arent that tough
He already has one dum dum!🤦🏽‍♂️
-MSU fan
God I miss Cash. I hope he does great things and finds his niche in the league
No worries dude
🏃‍♂️ 🏃‍♂️
Did that include this game?
So this is a continuation of a worrying trend. He used to be a much better shooter. Defenses don't respect him on the perimeter anymore.
The rest of his job is harder if he's a zero on the perimeter.
He hasnt had any bad games. He has had games that we would love for him to be more aggressive in, but he has not had a bad game.

Herro is putting up 17.6 6.7 3.8, shooting 47/30/77/ He isnt playing bad and is playing better than what he was last year except his 3% and ft% is down a little. His finishing around the rim and over all shooting has improved. No one should expect Herro to be a 22/8/8 player in his second year when he isnt even our 2nd option. Yes people over hyped Herro, but he is playing fine also.
As a casual fan who would just like to watch a deep playoff run/championship run with any of our teams in Detroit, I'd happily take that tainted championship and be hated by all. Cool with me. I still got to be excited to watch the games/got to go downtown and enjoy the atmosphere/got to celebrate meaningful wins/etc. 

If after I have to go "Aww they did something every team would do if given the opportunity and now it's looked at as a lesser championship" then oh well. I still got all the fun of the moments and enjoyment of the team. 

Lord knows with Detroit's luck that it'll happen if the Lions ever win or come close to a Superbowl.  I assume we'll laugh our celebrating drunk asses all the way to the bank if it ever does.
Remember how Sixers fans were crying that Silver has it in for them? Well Heat missed more players in 3 games than Sixers did since the start of the season.
No love for the hometown boy smh
When I checked the page said updated that day, but I did not check if the game that just wrapped was in there.
Its not really his job to be respected on the perimeter, we have plenty of 3 point threats. His job is to draw defenders on charges to get open air for the shooters then kick it out.
Two 40 point games in the finals against Lebron is not the start of worrying trend.
He hits 3s in the playoffs so who cares.
Not really.

Him and Bam ran PnR while DRob and Herro ran circles around Leonard till someone got open.

Its pretty hard to do that when half your team is out
No i dont care. The season is a grind
He soft for a flint dude lmao
Keep whistling past the graveyard. No skin off my back.
But it is a lie.
I don't believe he can just choose to hit 3s when he wants to.
Yes really. He was lucky to mask it with an absurd and unsustainable free throw rate last year.
[deleted]
Mkay.
Not really because its not like Draymond who chills at the top. He drives or takes a midrange (which Im more concerned about since its more of his game than the 3).
Huh? Why would I change my fair?
https://www.basketball-reference.com/players/b/butleji01/gamelog-playoffs/

We're on the internet, guy. Takes two seconds to look this shit up.
Because nobody wants to be associated with you
Doesn't see like my problem, does it?
I have so much respect for Jerami Grant right now. He bet on himself to be the number one guy and has been putting up the results. After a poor Pistons debut with just 9 points he’s been insane. Averaging 26.7 PPG in 8 games since, his lowest scoring game in that stretch was 22 points too.
[deleted]
I don't know why everyone is so shocked Jerami Grant picked us over the Nuggets.  He wanted a chance to beat the top teams in the West.
Another easy win for Detroit basketball
That was a historically bad 2nd half by the Suns. Also, what in the actual hell is Monty doing benching Galloway for the rest of the game after he burned the whole fucking arena down?
Why didn't Langston not get more minutes? Especially at the end of 4th or ot? Could've used a guy that was hot from 3.
Even though I'm still in it to Fade for Cade, winning that was a lot of fun.

Refs were calling very weak stuff (although that Ayton o-line block was pretty obvious) but this was one of those games where only one team was playing inside, and thus we took advantage of the weak calls.  Suns' post play was bad on defense and seemed non-existent on offense.

I wish Sekou could get more consistent minutes.  I really can't tell what Casey thinks he does wrong.
The game changed when Detroit went zone.
Booker shoulda trusted Ayton more on Delon, helped way too much

also idk why CP picked up Blake instead of Delon at the end.. weird
Live and die by the 3
The lack of adjustments when we got ice cold from 3 was maddening. We have two of the best mid range shooters in the league, and a beast down low, and we finished the game shooting 5-34 from 3. Absolutely deserved this L
Will the Suns ever decide to include Ayton in their offense?
Saddiq Bey is nice with it
Have we ever beat jerami grant?? Guy has our number! Gg pistons
Probably Monty’s worse coached game here in Phoenix. We also shot less than 50% at the line. Also, can someone compare our 3 pointers from the first and second halves for me? And questionable calls from the refs, sure, but if we had done any better than like 2-24 from 3 in the second half, we don’t go to overtime.
No offense to the Pistons (who fought well with a gutsy performance) and their fans, but that was shameful!! I’ll be disappointed if this doesn’t go down as the worst loss the season.

EDIT: my comment is relevant to the complacency with the lead, not the opponent, no hate at the Pistons, stoked on that rookie, and Grant was my #1 target in free agency. Shout out to Armando Galarraga's perfect game.
Put the team on his back doe
FT disparity is gonna be the difference from a first round exit and a legit contender.

We need to be way better at drawing fouls and committing less fouls

Also, fuck the refs
The only thing that can stop the Suns is Michigan's oppressively grey winters. And Jerami Grant.
I turned the game on at 16 secs left with us up 93-91. I’m sorry, everybody.
i knew we lost as soon as i saw mark davis was reffing
What were the refs smoking, any touch on the pistons was a foul and the other way nothing??
Suns starting unit again all big minuses in the plus minus 

Great comeback by Det massive front line of Grant/Griffin/Plumlee caused Phx some issues
hello, i'm here to fight anyone that still thinks Jerami Grant is being overpaid.
Worst team in the East beat the best team in the West
Jerami Grant, Blake and Saddiq bey all looked really good today
Pistons finding the league far too easy
Marc Davis. That is all
Our record doesnt show it but we can hoop with anyone, really love this teams motor.

Spooky pistons incoming, gg suns
We just got Pisst On
Sun's were 12/17 from 3 (70%) at one point. Galloway had 17 pts in 8 minutes... Glad a team finally fell back to earth mid game, feels like every team we've faced has been unnaturally hot.

Glad we both made the comeback and held on, we've been back and forth with teams all year but usually let it slip late in crunch time
Worst loss in a long long time this is so embrassing everyone in the starting lineup was garbage. The starting lineup is one of the worst in league by net rating so far changes need to be made.
VINTAGE BLAKE
“I believe we saw an eclipse.” -Mickey York on Pistons Live
nice
DETROOOOOIIIITTTT BASKETBALLLL
Grant
Absolutely fucking pathetic. Refs ruined the game as well.
One of the most rigged games I have ever seen in my life. Mark Davis should be unemployed. I have never seen him call a good game.
Spain without the S
Everyone talking about Grant, but as a Nuggets fan, I'm more impressed with my boy Plumlee going 8/8 from the ft line 😳
Suns lose to the Pistons and the refs
Jerami Grant.
Jerami Grant
Life comes at you fast. One second you have the West's best record and a 23 point lead and the next you lose to the leagues worst record team. Feel bad for Suns fans but this has still been an incredible start to the season.
I was having a stroke in the fourth quarter. The Suns brick a 3pt shot then the Pistons get to the line for free throws. That’s how the Suns blew the lead.
Refs literally gave everything for the Suns to lose...
Pistons have the worst OT games I swear
Haven't watched the Suns in their last few, just the NBA highlights which are pretty limited. Is Booker playing well? Have him in fantasy so have noticed his numbers haven't been amazing yet, but I'm a big fan of his? Is he just not shooting it great? I saw his win shares and BPM were way down, is it just a shaky start or is there something with this new team that's limiting his numbers?
A few blown leads last night damn
Man, Blake’s really on the decline, isn’t he? :(
[deleted]
[deleted]
For those who didn’t watch. The Suns shot 45% from the field but only went 6/13 in FT. The Pistons shot 41% but went 25/29 in FT. As a Suns fan this was a very frustrating game to watch and quite boring at times.
[deleted]
Refs gave pistons the win lol
Fuck the refs!!
So far, I was very wrong.  I thought he was going to top out as an elite 3&D, but so far he's been playing at an all-star level, if not a high all-star level.  Like we saw on his final layup, he actually has some game as a slasher.
Hey, at least it’s not like 12 or something like us vs bucks
That is... random
Lakers haven't beaten the Raptors since 2014. 11 straight losses.
>top teams in the West

Are you talking about us?
Nuggets should've offered 90 mill lol
[deleted]
I think this one of the worst games of Monty carrer if not the worst team keep chucking 3s when it clearly it was not working no adjustments.
Bro right, Langston was torching tf out us 😭
Good question, us Suns fans were all asking the same. Once we had the big lead we also froze out Ayton who Detroit didn't have an answer for. That game was the definition of shooting yourself in the foot. Nothing pisses me off more than watching a team build a big lead then continue to chuck 3s every single possession, especially with guys who have been ice cold from 3. Is it really that hard to understand the concept of getting high percentage 2's to maintain the lead? No need to get greedy. Houston already taught the lead how stupid it is to keep chucking 3's when you don't need to... easiest way to blow a game you should have won...
>Even though I'm still in it to Fade for Cade, winning that was a lot of fun.

Just gotta finish bottom-3. Which we should, barring something insane happening.
Refs gave them the win
Casey actually made changes in a game, and we won. Still in disbelief lmao
As a Cuse fan who watched him in college play zone every play basically, Jerami Grant is an absolute monster of a weak side shot blocker in a zone.
They were gonna go for the switch either way is the only reason I can think of
That lack of adjustments was a D'Antoni classic
Why pass to Ayton in the post and in perfect position when you can run out the shot clock and throw the ball away 

cough cough Booker
bae
Everyone is hating on the Pistons because they signed Plumlee and are in a rebuilding situation, but we get a lot of young players big roles and almost every game have been close, with the exception of the last Bucks game. Saddiq was hugh in OT, one of the best rookies so far I believe.
No offense taken. You guys had a 20 point lead and became complacent by just trying to jack up 3s, also didn’t help Monty didn’t play Galloway more. But these games happen and your future is still bright. Wishing you guys the best!
Don't get ahead of yourself. We play you one more time.
Let’s go into the mind of a Jerami Grant
This game isn’t on the refs. Monty got out coached and the starters played like shit. Props to Detroit for not giving up after being down by 23 early.
hard to draw alot of fouls when you shoot 52 3s in a game
> Also, fuck the refs

Y'all couldn't score in OT or the final possession in regulation. Don't blame the refs.
You literally shot like 30% from the field after the midway 2nd quarter point it’s not the refs fault
Chris Paul never drives to the rim. Booker's got to improve that part of his game.
Man, we shit the bed way earlier than that, lol.
That's the Vin Diesel Mofo looking right??
[deleted]
13 FTA vs 29 FTA
he’s UNDERPAID BITCHES
People look at our record and trash us like we haven't been competitive in every game but that 1 vs the Bucks, we've blown more late leads for losses than had just bad games. Even our bad games we keep fighting and make it respectable. Fun team to watch during a rebuild. I think once the schedule eases up, the wins will be more consistent especially as the team with so much turnover gels
I'm rooting for you guys because of Josh Jackson.
As a pistons fan it has to be so satisfying watching us shoot our way out of this game. At least it got interesting in the fourth and not a blowout.
Because we beat the Suns or because eclipses happen infrequently like a Pistons win?
MIP
It wasn't rigging, but it was bad reffing.  If the reffing were the exact same and we were playing the Lakers, y'all probably would've had the foul advantage.
Why exactly would the NBA rig a regular season game between the Pistons and Suns in favor of the 1-7 team?
Oh please
Literally no reason for the refs to rig the game for the pistons. But Mark Davis was awful tonight I will give you that.

Still the Suns went so cold from 3 and never looked to take the ball inside, this ones on them. Plus their awful ft shooting. Jerami Grant impressed me so much too.
Jazz fans still salty about that L Phoenix handed them

Edit: nice edit
The refs did, not the suns jacking up 3s every possession lol
he absolutely is not. the starting unit is not really meshing well yet. bench mob is blowing the crap out of other bench units
They offered him the same contract as us, he wanted to be the #1 option so came here
They didn't let him, he chose Detroit over Denver for the opportunity to be a #1/2 option, so he could showcase his game. He was never going to get that opportunity in Denver with Jokic & Murray.

He also cited the interest he had in playing in a Black city, for a Black coach & Black GM.
They matched the offer, he wanted to come to Detroit
He wanted a bigger role, and now he is showing people why.
Dude, don’t worry bout this game. You guys just went complacent, it happens to all teams. You still have an amazing roster and I’m rooting for a deep playoff run for you Suns bro!
Suns took 58% threes, not sure how many fts you expect from a team who doesn’t attack the basket
No y’all are just overrated. Suns will come crashing down sooner or later. Booker is one of the most overrated players in the league.
>When the FUCK did you decide Mason Plumlee was a superstar?

The refs didn't decide, God himself decided it when he blessed us with Plumdog.
His first step is so long and explosive and he gets so low he just be blowing by defenders before they know what hit em, I'm loving this dude!
Certainly ain't talking about us
Traditionally the top team in the West has the best record in the West, so yes the Suns
When we let you get up 23 on purpose you fell right into our trap
What are suns fans opinions of Monty? Is it positive? Was it negative before the bubble and then positive? What are his issues and strengths. I like the suns but haven't caught a lot of their games.
Yea I noticed that too. Ayton was doing well but he wasn't getting enough touches. Especially when we were doing zone defense. He could easily stay in the middle n cook us.
I think it's important to strive for the bottom. The 3rd worst team can drop to 7; although it's unlikely, it'll probably happen with Detroit's lottery luck. 1st worst can only drop to 5.
I've been watching Saddiq Bey ever since the Hawks game. Dude's game is so mature for being a rookie.
Bro you so wholesome I love it here’s a seal
BBBBBLLLLLLLUUUUUUUUURRRRPPPPPPPP
It is not impossible that the bad reffing is linked to playing like shit.
Exactly. Unfortunately no one outside of Ayton really is a threat down low and the dude is allergic to contact. And we don't really have a shot creator outside Book, and he chose to jack threes today instead of driving it in (until OT)
Not blaming the refs for the loss, I'm saying fuck the refs for shitty officiating tonight.
I'd reply to you but I'd get called for an offensive foul
fuck the refs =/= blame the refs for the loss
Honestly even I noticed it a little but I wasn't complaining lol
It was a big difference but to be fair, you guys jacked up A LOT of 3s in the 2nd half. You pulled a mini Rockets in the 2nd half.

Jeremi Grant attacked the basket a lot.

Not saying the refs were good though
Yeah, we have been surprisingly competitive in 8/9 games. Even in the game against the Hawks we made a 15-0 run to bring it within 5 with like 3 minutes left.
He's been great so far, honestly surprising, I was not expecting the impact he's had out there for us. Tough one tonight but he's just getting back on the floor. I really like your squad you guys are due a nice ass year. Happy Langston's somewhere where his firepower is useful
At some point in the 3rd I just expected all of your shots to not go in and from then on was rarely wrong lol. I for one would've welcomed a blowout lol! We've blown several losses in the last few minutes. against the Cavs we were up something like 9 with 3 min in OT and lost by a ton, so I expected something similar right until Paul only made a 2 at the end.
I think both!
MVP
Well they would do it for money, but this game wasn’t rigged at all, we shot ourselves out of the game and Grant was a literal God from the heavens
everyone loves detroit dude
I mean in terms of betting, I would assume there’d be massive payout for someone that betted for the Pistons.
I see you are new to Phoenix Suns basketball
Betting.
Refs had money on Pistons ML
Rig games to hurt Pistons lottery odds and get stars into big markets maybe
Nah I sympathise with you guys. I felt like the Jazz were unstoppable after we beat the Clippers handily but then we lost to the Knicks.
A combination of both
Bench mob low key carrying. Book out here shooting bricks at the ft line and having a bunch of turnovers. It’s impressive we’re 6-3 and not 3-6.
Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but couldn't they have offered him a very big 2 year deal? Like 60 mil over 2 years or similar to avoid longterm finacial commitment if they wanna extend Porter, but still give Grant more money indirectly.

But if he had this level inside him (even though we are only 9 games in the season) he might actually have been worth more than 20. If he continues this he will be a 24 ppg scorer with good defense playing for 20 million per year. That's like half of what players like that make in the NBA usually.

Regardless I've been very happy with the signing since even before he played a game for Detroit. I never understood why Troy got the level of hate he recieved. Like some deals might have been questionable, but they he's not even close to being the worst GM like some people suggest.
I agree nice try lol. Just pointing out to people who didn’t watch the game how much better the Pistons got to the line tonight vs the Suns.
Lmaooo someone is mad. Just pointing out the big FT difference as to why the Pistons won.
Exactly what kinda dumbass question is that
I have a confession. It was us.
big if true
Ultimate honey dicking
I’d say we have always been positive. He got a lot out of Baynes, Rubio, and Oubre who are all struggling on other teams now. He just had a bad game, but I expect him to see his mistakes and make adjustments.
Ok that's pretty good.
that requires nuance and that's a bit beyond the average r/nba user
Ref calls for offensive foul when Booker drives.

Complete meltdown by the Suns and the refs sucking didn't help.
100% idk why I got downvoted for point out a stat I didn’t even give my opinion on it lol.
Good for you guys but I think for this game, Suns lost > Pistons won. We were up 23 in the 2nd, benched Galloway in the 2nd half who had 17 points in 8 min in the 1st half, refused to pass to Ayton who was effective when in good post up position, constantly shot 3’s (3/32 in the 2nd half) and made no coaching adjustments.
Wouldn't put it past Mickey
We definitely did but when the opposing team has 27 FTA at the end of regulation it’s quite a lot.
it’s detroit ❤️ everybody for a reason! wait
[deleted]
Then I forgive you😊
Weaver’s proven to be a great FO guy so I was so pissed at all the DET fans immediately insulting him. I, for one, am very excited for this new era in detroit basketball :)
Next year, maybe
That's cool. I like teams having good coaches. It's pretty weird that somehow the league doesn't have 30 coaches that can get the best out of their guys yknow. Like how the fuck boylen was a coach etc.
27 is not even close to being a lot in the NBA. There are currently 7 teams that average 26 fta per game so far this season. So one team having 27 once isn't extreme at all.

Not saying the refs were good, but you guys had way less fts mainly because you hoisted up 3s all game and finnised with 18 more than Detroit. Jerermi Grant attacked the basket a lot in return
Dude just stop. Your team got complacent and only jacked up 3s, we ran into the paint every possession.
Do you think the Pistons haven’t? This is the same city as the Lions yall lmao
100% I’m not blaming the refs or talking shit. Just when it’s 27ft vs 13ft it’s clear on paper why the Pistons came back.
I didn’t talk shit or anything but when it’s 27ft vs 13ft it’s clear why the Pistons won this game. I know people come here and see what happened and just pointing out the discrepancy and why the Suns lost.
It was a good while ago, yes, but I saw that there wasn't a thread made. So I'm just here posting for the fanbases, don't mind me, and have a nice day o7
DSJ revenge tour
Vucevic should forfeit his all-star spot because he'd represent the Magic by going
i always have a look at the boxscore of DSJ. Happy that the Pistons give him a chance. Best game from him so far box-score wise.
Detroit beating a non-playoff team? In 2021? Is that allowed?
Pacers fans feasting with this
Orlando in good company, losing to the Detroit Kingslayers
I missed the game but I noticed my Pistons folks making a ruckus about Saben Lee. His box score looks agreeable.
Saben and DSJ on demon time
Didn’t forget this time!!
these east teams can't even get a postgame thread on time lmao
Or this is the 1st sign that the Magic make the playoff.
He looked awesome last night.
We really gonna stan cardinal directions now
These west teams can’t even get their fans to put on flairs